+ suitable T for seasons like spring n autumn ...very comfortable
+ Superb....Same as appearing in image fabric is also nice.colors are great
+ Really a great product i like it verymuch.Price is good but just remamber about size before purchase it
+ Received on time. Looks attractive. Don't know the situation after wash
+ T-shirts are nice and good looking....
+ I liked the fabric and fit of the t-shirt. Quite comfortable and reasonably priced.
+ The fitting is fine and cloth quality is ok, dont expect very much in this price
+ the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use. i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos ! 	
+ this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it.  
+ i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision.  
+ this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well.  
+ my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time.  
+ manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding. i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck.  
+ the service from the supplier was exceptional. the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition.  
+ seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want.  
+ it is a very amazing product.  i highly recommend it.  
+ i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it.  
+ Very good buy for this price.I am preferring this over some of the branded items for parties. Initially bought black and grey Tees an planning to get some other colors too.
+ this is a powerful piece of equipment . 
+ it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip , now i just take everything . 
+ the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
+ These solid henleys are sober and low profile which is a good break from some of the more flashy t shirts available. The stitching seems to be good, colour is good and material is a blend. As with any henley, need to have a fairly fit upper body to pull it off.
+ Bought this product 6 months ago. Wearing these for regular use and these are just great. The quality is nice and pricing is the best. Very much impressed!
+ the product what i got is good.On time delivery. colors are same as shown in picture.Guys you can go for it.
+ Very nice product. Cloth quality is very good where it didn't shrink after washing or no fade away. Higly comfortable.
+ cool stuff and good one for summer and to wear in tropics and its looking so damn fit and awesome too
+ Cool product ,i have uses this ,the material quality is very good
+ i hv used this product nd its ok .....bcz after washing its not shining well as a new t-shirt
+ Quality - 5/5,Fitting - 5/5,Delivery time - 5/5,best product i ever purchased from flipkart
+ Im so glad I had read the review before making the purchase... The black shade is surely cool, the grey one seems a bit less on quality. Yet overall a good bargain.
+ Wearing this really feels cool. Casual look of these T-shirts really makes people spot you. Happy with this product. Definitely you will get complements for wearing these T-shirts. Thanks.
+ Overall good material. but check your size every sets size is different!!! delivery is fast no doubt. this is my fifth order and it will continue if quality & prize maintained by flipkart
+ I ordered this from flipkart..got it in 2 days...service is really good...Flipkart rocks,Just go fot it, i loved the product quality
+ Tshirt colors and design seems very nice.It is very new design in the market so it would create good impression.
+ Good at quality, fit and comfort. Overall a good product. I have not washed it yet. So lets hope this maintains its quality after 4-5 washes
+ nice fitting,it is a good product i am very haapy to buy it,very fast deleviery service thanks to flipkart
+ The T shirts are worth the money, feels good, comfortable and can be worn on any casual occasion.Only problem was the turn around time for delivery was not in keeping with the standards of flipkart, products delivered after 6 days.
+ Top Notch Solid Men's Henley T-Shirt is very reliable and feel relax after wear this.Its price is also affordable and quality of clothes is too good.
+ its a very gud prodct frm flipkrt....fabric is too nice,,,,,,its a worth of money
+ I'm not going to complain about the quality. It is fairly satisfactory for the price paid. I love the black one so much! It looks darn good with a pair of jeans or chinos. Complete the look with a pair of Converse chucks low tops or a pair of boat shoes and you are good to go!
+ Great product...decent quality and comfortable, ordered this for my friend as well after using it on my own.
+ I am using this product from last 3 months and really it's a good buy. Good quality and fast shipping by Flipkart.
+ Quality with comfort! Feel cool in summers.. Nice body fit and light in weight.Must buy for all..! Go for it. :)
+ Slim fit, reasonable price and good quality, totally worth for money in this range...in 24hrs delivery :)
+ Worth it the money............... The delivery was also good - on time. Happy with the product
+ Had brought them over six months ago n after wearing it for over 100 times still it fits well and has been improvising my personality and looks !! just go for it .
+ when i bought , i thought of using at home like night dress , but it turned out to be much better product . U can try these on outing or even on parties .. :) 
+ Nice fitting and comfortable :)
+ This product is very good and fits perfectly...just need to select the right size ..USE THE SIZE chart correctly before selecting size
+ Loved it and gives a stylish look if mens are in flat Stomach..Black look Great ...worth the Price and Offer too is better.
+ Although I didn't like the grey variant, but black one is awesome.fitting is perfect and for summers its a cool product.
+ These shirts fit nice and for the price they are quite a good deal. Total value for money package. Will have to check how the quality is after a few washes after a couple of washes they are fine.
+ Excellent product i washed twice but no shrinkage. Planing buy more product from this particular buyer.
+ The product is very nice, cloth is soft and colour quality is same as displayed.
+ perfect fit, good delivery timing, wrapped nicely, cloth quality is good. Fit my husband like it was tailored for him.
+ Price wise, its bit costly. I went for Trecking and sweat a lot on the day. After washing it was bit dull in color.
+ Nice quality, color and look, fitting, smart look guys. Nominal rate and good looks , Flipkart is really nice in these outfits.
+ Its a real Army luk tshirt ...elastic at d end of sleeves makes it perfect fit to ur biceps..Must buy Tshirt..order one size bigger.
+ Quality of the product is not bad, about 50% is cotton. But the fittings is too good, and the product is same as described....
+ Nice quality, color and look, fitting, smart look guys. Nominal rate and good looks , Flipkart is really nice in these outfits.
+ this product is worth getting for 350 bugs guys and the quality stuff is also nice and the delivery from flipkart is awesome
+ Worth the price i paid(Rs380). But bigger size options should be made available. An XXL would have been more comfortable
+ First of all ,"value for money", good stuff & smart looks. i got it on sale so its even more worth. Comfortable and trendy. Worth spending your money.
+ Brought this and few more from the same brand a month before and been using it quite often. Superb fit and stays new since i ve been following the wash care instructions clearly instructed by them. Great feel and amazing fit. Quick seller
+ Good choice at reasonable price.The colour is not dark black.So if you opt for a purely dark black colour, do not go for this.
+ Very nice t shirt.............. Quality of the product is very good......flipkart delivery is fantastic.....Exchange the t shirt is very fast and awsam......Good going flipkart ... 
+ Nice T shirt. Fabric is little rough but still a good buy. Recommended especially if you have big biceps that is if you want to show them.
+ The product is average ,because of its quality.Its not a cotton material.For this price its OK.color is good.
+ I purchased Black color TSX Polo Neck T-Shirt. It was delivered on Time. Quality was good. Fitting was perfect and was as per size chart
+ Had ordered this product, to my surprise received it, next day. thank ou flipkart for super service.
+ The product is good , its been a month. it still seems to be like a new t-shirt even after few washes. had also received freebie with it. I think this is the best deal, if you are looking for plain batman tee...
+ I was very skeptical buying this but the product is as good as from a store. The cloth is soft and cotton and the bat symbol is perfect in shape and colour. This was a gift and it was a good one. :D
+ I ordered it, and got the product in 2days . T-shirt is super cool, and was surprised to see it had a batman key chain with it. great tee at this price. liked it flipkart ...thumbs up
+ got it today the print is great the quality is amazing plus got a freebie batman keycahin fully delighted
+ I am very happie buying this. the product is as good as from a store. The cloth is soft and cotton and the batman symbol is perfect. We got a freebie with it ( batman keychain).
+ my hubby liked it . but I bought it yesterday for 490 ... Now the price is 349 ... Very bad to see the decreased price...
+ i love to wear white clothes its comfort.. good look and very attractive
+ Good stuff washed it so many times however it doesn't shrink .....5/5
+ I am big fan of branded products..But i ordered this new brand just for trial basis as there was a huge discount going on that.Delivery was fast but most amazing thing was the fit and quality of the product at that price.Kudos to the Seller.
+ I gifted the T shirt to my husband on his birthday in Jan. he loved it and the material is soft and comfortable. it is still his favorite T shirts. color is good even after so many washes
+ The t-shirts quality is good. Good casual wear. However, the length of the t-shirt is little too long
+ Good quality But over price,100% genuine and original as displayed in picture.
+ The product was very good and of good quality.The colour too was nice.Yes i am happy with this product
+ dresses r good, soft, one full sleep another one is half.... soft....i have got it in a very goodpack
+ it is soft and cheap pricing got it in a offer got 4 of them. no problems after wash no colour fading. fabric is soft. in all decent purchase. wont hype its ok. wearable dont expect more out of it.
+ i placed order and i am happy with color n quality , but un happy with size actually M size is S size , so as usualy i wearing M size but i replacd with L size but Navy blue is as expected but grey is not same as navy blue.
+ This book is best suited for reading for the teenagers, to dream and to dare. 
+ This is the most inspiring book I have ever read. Great salute to the man for his contribution to Indian Rocketry.
+ It is an inspirational and Enthusiasmistic book for all generation and especially for youth and old person as well.
+ After reading this book i realized the value of APJ abdul Kalam's dedication.
+ Don't think about money to purchase this book to read a autobiography a spokesman,a president,a DRDO chief scientist,a ISRO chief scientist, a Bramohse supersonic missile innovator...
+ there is something everybody can extract from this book. ... This is something worth of being read by every Indian
+ I have just received this book & yet not started reading this book but I have read gujarati version of this book "Aganpankh" and I am sure that english version will be much more exciting & inspiring. This is a worth worth reading book. Buy this book without any hesitation.
+ I have collected all APJ & SWAMI Vivekanda 'S books . All books are awesome and inspiring .. Great man Great THOUGHT.
+ That's the kind of book which I wanted to read. It gives me a lot of inspiration. I think this book also increases the confidence of teenagers to face their future.
+ This book must be read with utmost peace and not in a jiffy. You can gain much from it if you are a good reader, otherwise you may think that it is any other book on rocket science. In starting it may seem a book on defence developments and history of the country but the life of Mr former President is worth a read. His life is a great source of inspiration and motivation for all of us, that comprises of not only Indians.
+ this boook gives a true insight on the achievements of this man who grew up from such a small town (Rameshwaram)and went on to shape the Missile Defence System of One of the largest countries in the world...it also reflects one mans persistence to excel and will to achieve and forming path breaking technology all kitchen cooked in this country....book is a must read for all Indians...!
+ This book can change one's life forever. A truly inspirational book and can be universally applied for any individual. Kalam Sir's choice of inspiring his readers through inspirational quotations and spirit of fighting rather than telling much about his struggle which is obvious,tells about the great personality. What Kalam Sir has aimed for is certainly achieved when a person reads his book and aims to give "wings to the fire of the heart".
+ Dr. Kalam is the greatest scientist I have known, his personality and passion is outstanding.You need to read this book.
+ shows the vision of Shri APJAK towards the nation development. He truly an inspiration to all young bloods.
+ autobiography of legend scientist........ so its no comment about. our ever best president for india.
+ Very nice book. The lover of books please go for it. Quality is good.
+ Wings of Fire: An Autobiography (English) 1st Edition very nice quality book.nice paper quality.BUY Every one it's useful book
+ Inspiring biography. Also it is nicely presented in this book. Everyone should read it once in lifetime
+ A person who spend his whole life for his country a big selute for his efforts. He work 16-18 hours for his country in a day.
+ this book is all about rockets and stuff yes it is a great book but its full of info but not evrything in it is inspiration... as for me it is wonderful u often read books??? go for it. If not go for it. dont b confused
+ A book which every human being on this planet should read.
+ Excellent book ....it is very useful to all...thank u flipkart
+ A must read book it very nice ! It tells I a lot about him . I just love this book
+ A must read book about our missile man. Found a good experience with it
+ Inspiring and motivating, its not just a book, its a guide to humanity, would suggest this to everyone... Why dint I read it before... Thank you... RIP Kalam... you deserved much more...
+ It is an inspirational and Enthusiasmistic book for all generation and especially for youth and old person as well.
+ Fast Shipping and Good Service with timely informed about the delivery time & date thanks .
+ This book is a treasure to keep at home. Self Motivation is the most best inspiration for every one, along with the desirable aspiration. One must read the book, to change the frame of his/her mind. This book ignites the spark in every individual towards the success.
+ well written autobiography...truely a legend.the story of a missile man is truely described.To make a journey with the legend ,should have this book
+ great book every Indian must read.nice autobiography.inspiring and motivational autobiography for all indians
+ This book must be read by every Indian. It is not enough you read this book, you will have to follow the principles of success enumerated by our Ex Honourable President to achieve success. This book shows that success can be achieved by every hardworking citizen of India.
+ This book is definitely a must read, especially for aspiring rocket or aerospace engineers and any science afficionado in general who wish to get some insight into the struggles, achievements and inventiveness of arguably the most successful scientist we have in India. 
+ this book is something which is priceless...every single line of this book will tell you after so many ups and downs we indian dint gave up. This book is about so many unsung heros because of whom we are having the luxuries of becoming thinktanks. Do read it...it is a great book in short i may call it as "ocean of opportunities".
+ I suggest that everyone should read this autobiography on APJ Abdul Kalam.Its inspiring,simple and awesome .Arun Tiwari has done a commendable job .
+ every person must read this book.it inspires me a lot.it is a inspiring story of our missile man of India,who struggle very hard in life to succeed his aim in life.
+ An inspirational and motivating book. I would definitely recommend it to everyone. It tells the story of a n ordinary boy from Rameshwaram and how he overcame all obstacles and challenges to develop India's first rocket missile . The book also emphasizes the motivational role of Dr Vikram Sarabhai ( father of Indian Space Programme ) on kalams life .
+ the way it is written is simply attractive and i loved it. it gave us a clear path to lead our life, as we learn from others, it is the best book i have read.
+ This book gives a insight into one of the most successful & beloved scientist & later president of our country .It's inspiring for all those who take reading seriously .
+ This is a very good biography making a very interesting reading. I would recommend this to teen age above youngsters who will benefit from what feels like a story to read.
+ a great writing. loved reading this. i would say these type of writing should be included in school curriculum to motivate students as well!!!
+ No doubt you will be definitely inspired after reading this book. You will dream big and will never get tired of trying new things... Also u can explore many facts about Indian Space Program.
+ what can i say about it very nice book to be read by every one....very very expressive...provoking narration by the author...!
+ The best inspired & motivational book which i ever read & well written about dedication towards work.
+ The book is upto the standards which flipkart has always maintained. The book was in excellent condition without any damage with good quality
+ Good book.Which will shape your career. And provide the wings those who have desire to reach at the top...
+ Every one should read this book. It will help get answers to many questions life gives us. Yes it has a lot of technical stuff. But that is how Dr. Kalam's life was.
+ It is a very beautiful book.I recommend that everyone must read this book about the life of this great man of India.Just read this book and get inspired....
+ Needless to write review. One of the excellent book I have come across . What a true patriotic person he is. Need to salute him. Jai hind 
+ The novel is definitely an inspiring one as it is a note of such an exemplary person as APJ Abdul Kalam. It tells us everything from the Indian religious differences to the ideal roles and qualities of a leader. It is a true book on India's rocket and space research development. Thank u sir, for doing so much for our country.
+ This book is very motivational one...I would suggest everyone to read this book once....As I go through the book...I got to know many truths of life..really life has many things for us..it just depend on how we look our life as...
+ This book do not need any review. Every Indians must read this. Such an inspiring autobiography for all ages. And flipkart provide this at the cheapest prize..No need to think more....order it.....
+ This is a very well written book and a great enjoyable reading.The 1st hand story of Indian space and missile technology taking shape, combined with the words of a great visionary like Kalam sir is really a transforming factor.
+ A must read for students.Very vivid account of various personal experiences of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's life.
+ EVERYONE SHOULD READ THIS AUTOBIOGRAPHY TO KNOW HOW WE CAN ACHIEVE OUR AIM WHEN THINGS ARE NOT ACCORDING TO OUR DESIRES.
+ thanks for flipkart for have books of our great personality, by reading the autobiography of our Dr. APJ it is a inspire us that he belong to our nation and he is part of us, no words to say,
+ It is very inspirational. It showed what my life is about. It changes everyone's way of thinking.The best quote that i found in this book is '' If you want your footprints in the sands of time, donot drag your feet. "
+ A Must read for all Indians.A true inspirational story of a boy who dared to dream beyond the limitations imposed by his circumstances.
+ Excellent Book... Must read for everyone... the book truly gives vision to go beyond your horizon and to travel from known to unknown... The book gives immense encouragement and motivation for doing something better in life...
+ A Fabulous book from the missile man and later the president of India . In the book we travel through the glorious man who breaths , works for a developed INDIA . A BIG SALUTE TO THE TRUE HERO , A.P.J ABDUL KALAM .
+ totally inspirational and close to my heart as i am reading it 3rd time and still feel like reading it 1st time.everone should read it atleast 1nc esp. science student.
+ The packing was good and the delivery was done before the due date. Satisfied totally with the flipkart delivery and price. you dont need no introduction about this book. Have not read yet? buy it!!!
+ The book describes a lot about how to face the challenges you encounter in life, how you can organise a big project with a team work...Some people may seem that it is a book of Aerospace Engineering...It is not so..He explains what he wants to say in his achieving the successful trials of indigenous Missiles. Every individual must read to learn about how you achieve your Destiny
+ I have read this book 8 years back. But bought it again to gift someone as this is a gem of book to read anytime in your life. The simplicity of the man and his vision for the future of the nation is commendable. Sadly, we do not have many such people around today.
+ Go ahead and buy this book and get inspired. You won't regret reading this book really. I promise that really. You won't regret this buy thats for sure!
+ I rcvd the item in time ...I good packing ,I need to read this book ,I am happy and thaks to flipkart
+ THE BOOK IS VERY SPECIAL GOOD.
+ Very inspiring book. Our former President of India Sri Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's life is ideal for all the people who wants to be successful in their respective fields.
+ One of the best Autobiography I've read.I suggest the people to buy this nice autobiography who likes to read one.
+ Simple and easy write up. Good insight to India Space and Missile programs program post independence. And biggest of all, the journey from a village boy to managing the country's top technology program from ground up. 
+ It is too generous to read. Every page in this book has a new story. Can't explain any more :) one can read it at any age.
+ Excellent Autobiography.A story of a common man. How he grows up and what values we can acquire from him.
+ This book is best reding for reading for the teenagers, to dream and to dare.It shows, how a person from the modest background ends up in being the First Citizen of a nation of one billion.
+ A story of a common man. How he grows up and what values we can acquire from him.A book to be read before you die.
+ It is an inspirational book in which Dr. Abdul Kalam examines his early life, effort, hardship, fortitude, luck and chance that eventually led him to lead Indian space research, nuclear and missile programs. Every Indian should read this.
+ Most Inspiring Book.This is the most inspiring book I have ever read. Great salute to the man for his contribution to Indian Rocketry.
+ this is the autobiography of DR. APJ ABDUL KALAM ... undoubtedly an inspiring and aspiring story which will set your goosebumps off the roots and you will dream to just have a glance of this great litrature
+ This is a must read for every Indian who would love to know the level of advancement in India. The life of Kamal is the story of every typical Indian who is born as Indian and struggles their way up to the position he gained.
+ It is a must read book for everyone especially for those who are at managerial position or handling any project . It also show path to youngsters how to success & how to overcome with the hurdles of life.
+ An extraordinary work from a legend. It will inspire you more than anything. While reading looks like you are present there. It tells about how a man struggles and achieve his dreams.
+ It's a must read for all those who admire and respect Dr.A.P.J Abdul Kalam.A thorough insight into his life
+ this book so nice guys,it's a must buy product for all age groups.pros-every thing is nice.cons-there's nothing.
+ Just a word,AWESOME!! And for the delievery,these guys rock.!! And specially,I loved the bookmarks they are giving. :) Every reader has to have this.. Inspiring from the beginnig to the end..!!
+ The book is motivational , inspirational. And the best point is that it make everyone passionate about their careers.
+ If you think India's defence is poor... you gotta read this book. I was completely amazed by how simple Sir Kalam as person is. I should say the BEST President India ever had.
+ This book is written in a very friendly language. The language quality and the choice of words are good. It gives an overview of Abdul Kalam's life as a schoolboy, then as a college lad and then as a person hwo is selected by Homi Bhaba for working in a space organisation after being impressed by his invention and innovation. Then he becomes an integral part of his team and then suddenly Homi Bhaba passes away. Then the thrilling story continues which I have not yet read.............
+ There is something everybody can extract from this book. ... This is something worth of being read by every Indian..
+ This is the best book of APJ Abdul Kalam. Superb view of APJ's life. It is a fully inspiring book or an autobiography of The Great APJ ABDUL KALAM. Must read it .. !!!!
+ Really Awesome book . The delivery was too quick . Thanks to flip kart for such a platform. No need to say any thing more . it is all what APJ IS the Great personality
+ this book is very good specially for youngster of India as it motivates to achieve the readers their goals in life...it gives the reader an overview of Mr kalam's life in some challenging situation and his vision of India 2020.
+ Really a great work by a great human. We can learn a lot from his life. Inspiration flows from each page of the book.A must read book!!
+ I read this book sometime back and was very impressed with Dr. Kalam. Its lucid and easy to read and understand. A person from a very simple background rose to such great heights. I respect and salute you Sir! _/\_
+ The book is just a reflection of Kalam the person - Simple, humble and straight forward. There are lot of power messages that i had marked for myself. It's a must read
+ one of the greatest books i have ever read! in every line you'll find the emotion, the trust, the depth of feeling for the motherland! great philosophies explained so simply, that you never find it is difficult to have faith in his words!
+ Actually it is paperback but of very very good page quality and printing quality..and flipkart delivered it within 2 days.
+ must read a good book for personal devlopement.superb book good for motivation
+ a scientist a poet ..our president.. more than all that an Indian.. going through his book i realized how lucky we r to have him..must read for all.. inspiring..
+ This book reflects upon some very good and useful points that one must abide by in life to become successful. This book is a treat for those who work hard and want to climb the flights of success. 
+ A must read book for Science & Technology lovers… with each and every page of the book there is an unbelievable curiosity and gratitude of Sir Abdul Kalam towards life ,science and almighty made long lasting impression on our mind to be noble, humble and curious about life
+ Each and every Indian should read this book.This is one of the best biography's I have ever read.It will inspire you, motivate you and will teach you great lessons of life !!!
+ As I heard about this book, It is just unputdownable. Undoubtedly, it is one of the best books I have ever read. If you have not read this book yet, order one now.
+ very motivating and inspiring book. he is a true indian and this book tells about the hard work to make a dream true.
+ This book, written by the former president of India, tells the story of a South Indian boy born in a poor family. It potray's the life of the boy who due to his endeavour becomes the missile man of India and eventually becomes the president. It teaches very important values of life. It emphasizes on the saying"DARE TO DREAM" on the teenagers. It is a book which should present in every bookshelf.
+ What to say about this book. just brilliantly written. This is a mirror, we can see our self and make changes to our life's.
+ This book is awesome. I became a true fan of Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam. He is the real national hero. Salute. Must read if you as much as care for the country. 
+ A beautiful book which brings out the life of APJ Abdul Kalam to the common masses of India. The account, a vivid and authentic description of Kalam's life makes you feel that even sky is not the limit when you have got wings and the fire within to dream and fly high.
+ Great book by "The Man" himself..., nothing to say more about it...actually what ever i say , words cannot justify that
+ This is one of the best books which I have read. It is a very inspiring autobiography of A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. I learnt a lot of things while going through this book. Overall it is a must read for everyone
+ A very inspiring book for every Indian who faces a problem and the same for those who want to know history of Space Exploration of India...
+ This is the best book that I have read so far in terms of personal motivation. It is simple and well written for everyone to understand their inborn potentials.
+ it is very gerat book .it will provide the best knowledge to u.it will help you to become successfull person in the life.Nothing is worse than inaccurate information. 
+ this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
+ am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
+ very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera. i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged.  
+ the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom.  
+ Nothing could be more inspiring for me than reading this book.. as quoted by one of the reader goes same with me too, hats off to you Kalam sir.. u are an inspirational idol for every youth of this country. A MUST READ !!!
+ This book is a must read book for all Indians. It shows some excellent management skills and we find ourselves a bit close to the Technological developments inside India. This book very efficiently portrays the changes in the mind of a youth when he comes out of his world.
+ everyone must read this book for understanding the potential of ordinary citizens of our great country explained by this great man in the most simple manner. for all those who feel india has no hope, this book is the one to read to dispel all those doubts and look at things around you in a totally different light. dr kalam, we are privileged to live during your lifetime. thanks for reminding.
+ This book is a source of inspiration for every Indian! Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam is an example how obstacles are the stepping stones for success. This book will fire you up and your chest will swell with pride when you read about the huge leaps that we have taken!!
+ Every one should read.you never said it is a Huge disappointment.The complete story about APJ is really awesome.His life is a great source of inspiration and motivation for all of us, that comprises of not only Indians.
+ this book is good.this give the motivation it helps to overcome the Hadels. its give a really good knowledge...thanks to for writing a wonderful book which can bring changes all our life. thanks you i wish you long life.
+ its a really inspiring book,,,one can learn a lot from apj abdul kalam's autobiography, his dedication towards his work, what the youth need to think in order to achieve great goals..if you are thinking of buying this book,, dont think buy it for sure
+ This book have given the experiences, achievements, hurdles in the way of Honorable APJ Abdul Kalam. All the events happened with him are beautifully explained from his childhood and I believe we all should read the book.
+ Read the Introduction and it will show the knowledge pool that is in store for us. A must read book for an Indian. I hope this book get included in the syllabus of each boards. Moreover it also gives a peak into the life of Dr . Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam.
+ The content of the book is eye opener.It contain lot of teaching and determine that where there is a will there is a way. It also concludes that there is no dearth of opportunities if one has inclination. Flipkart has given very good service , the book was delivered in very short time.
+ its a awesome book... must read it to know his life. dont think about money
+ I have read this book and found reading this book is worth.Nice to know the facts of struggles taken by the President. Personal Life and Professional life is well explained.This book is completely on personal life
+ A fantastic and motivational read. It tells about the struggle of a boy who worked as a newspaper seller and earned a living for him as well as for his family.
+ A book that you must read to understand that what made Kalam and what can make anyone a great Indian. I would have given 5 stars but the book has certain printing/typing errors.
+ The book is good but some concepts are difficult to understand. Besides this there is a lot to learn from his life.
+ Very motivational book for all teenagers, to dream and dare to achieve it.
+ Wonderful book which truly inspires to a great extent. 
+ Really a nice one ..... i will recommend this to all those who are appearing for any competitive exam :)
+ Its a good book in the sense that its a question bank...You can't use it to learn if you are still basic in math.
+ I bought two copies of this book for my friends.. they are happy with it... They desperately wanted the this book at low rates. Thanks to Flipkart for making It available for cheaper rates...
+ Because of this quantitative aptitude book i cleared CWE clerical cadre in IBPS(2011) so thanking you sir!!!!!!!Lot's of examples have been given. Even i didn't take coaching but i cleared my examination !!! really thankful to you sir!!!
+ Received the book in just 1 day of ordering..Excellent packaging and book is also really good,,
+ Its a very good book for those who are preparing for competetive exams and the quality of the book is also good. The flipkart has a very good delivery service. i got this book in only 2 days.
+ Really a nice book by RS AGARWAL,both d book n service are great....a must have for PSU aspirants or d placement needs of engineers(as i bought it for this very purpose)...
+ This book is very useful for those who are taking competitive exams. But i personally refer use Arun Sharma's book for higher level.
+ it is a very good book for CAT MAT XAT and other aptitude exams....
+ This book certainly helps! There are some people saying this isn't that helpful and stuff. But know one thing, if you have an upcoming interview or something, this is what you should have in hand to prepare for the BASICS.
+ Must have for all students. A very good book with lots of practice and basic concepts are covered with detail.
+ covers most topics for all entrance exams...excellent,fast and safe delivery from flipkart..high quality colour print..fine size characters..lot of examples...most suitable text for entrance exam
+ This is really excellent book for the competitors... and Dr. R.S. Agarwal Name itself is enough.. you have a variety of questions and explanations...Its really a good book.. and I suggest it to all the competitors..
+ Very good book on aptitude!!And also thnx to flipkart for extremely good delivery!!!just took one day only!!according to me this is the best book available in market for aptitudu purpose!!!and what else to say just close ur eyes and place the order if u want a good book on aptitude which is fully solved!!!
+ Its good to start preparation and build your basics as it has almost all the quantitative aptitude things so that you can prepare yourself for higher exams like CAT etc. It has what we easy to crackdown type material which after some practice makes every problem look easy
+ Really a nice book who really wants to do something better.Excellent packaging like just you buy it from the Publisher...
+ its a great book for all exams and tests especially for campus recruitments.The solutions for all the problems are given in very simple and understandable manner.
+ By this we can solve questions easily,and make time management.From my view this is very good prodoct.It was good experienced personally,it has lot of information like they provide formulas.definations of particular subject.
+ This is an excellent book for all the students appearing for competetive exams.I used this book for many exams.Many questions from this book had repeated in the many exams (questions of same format).some are direct questions.
+ it is a good book for competative exam for sucess for SSC,RRB,Bank PO's.......
+ THIS BOOK IS A GOOD BOOK WITH A LOT OF QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.THE BOOK IS GOOD FOR ALL EXAMS
+ the price / performance looked just right . 
+ Phone is very beautiful and nicely built. Performance is great. The UI lags sometimes, but no lags when using any app or playing games
+ Display awesome,Battery is superb,.Metal design is stunning,Fingerprint scanner is superfast
+ It is one of the best phone in 15k,Camera is damn awesome.Fingerprint sensor is superb,Looks Amazing,Fast no lags at all,Superb battery backup and fast charging
+ Excellent Build quality,UI feels pretty good, I get decent battery life that lasts for 1 whole day, the phone charges amazingly fast, customer care satisfactory,Display is too good
+ full hd display is good, viewing angle really great.looks premium,I experienced no lag so far quick charging is great,Built quality is simply awesome
+ No lags at all, Metal body looks very premium in hand.Camera samples are really good.Mobile signal is extremely consistent,Fast charging works well. Fingerprint scanner works good
+ Superb design liked the metal build and interaction was smooth,Display has good viewing angles and UI is smooth, Finger print scan was decent.5 star for fast charging- this is one of the best I used so far, Camera is good 
+ Quick Charger works really great,Signal reception(mobile and WiFi) is good, call quality is good,Performance wise good.no problem with multitasking, No problem with the fingerprint sensor, Phone looks premium, Display is great
+ Build and design is very nice. Looks premium,Very good looking and materials used are top notch, Display is again very good! High brightness levels and good colour reproduction, Performance is very snappy! No lags, Finger print sensor works well, Fast Charging seems to be really working, Call quality is decent.Battery is good enough, 
+ it has an awesome metal body and has a good feel in hand,the graphics is excellent and games work outstanding,the camera is also superb,the phone is so fast and there is no lag, the finger print sensor is pretty fast
+ The phone gripe is very good,resolution is very clear, battery gives good backup, Sound quality is good, and video quality also good,Network quality good, internet working truly massive,Camera quality is good at the normal day light
+ looking awesome, very light weight,Super Display and Touch was good, upgraded with lollipop,Secondary Camera was clear,Superb finishing,Overall a Brilliant phone
+ Design and build quality is good, phone fits well in one hand,Display is crisp and clear,Colour production is also good.Rear camera takes decent photos, Speaker sound is good.Voice clarity of calls is also good. 
+ Stunning looks. Excellent connectivity, network. 3G, WiFi. Touch is good. Camera is quite good,Video playing is also very good, Calling is crystal clear.Non removable battery. 
+ Great build quality,No software glitches whatsoever,Sound quality is great,Impeccable display from all angles,Battery lasts long,No application crashes,No performance degradation,Primary camera is good given it's resolution,Doesn't heat up,Gaming experience is fantastic
+ Look wise phone is good, fits perfectly in palm,  I really loved this 4.5 inch lcd screen, Colour quality is crisp. Video quality is good, touch is butter smooth. Awesome, Mobile speakers are good, love the treble of the speakers, Call quality is ok
+ body gives a firm grip.Vibrant! descent and smooth display,GUI response is very good and buttery smooth operations,
+ Loved the curved design that fits under our palm easily. The device is sturdy though and build to last, This device has crisp display . Loved the colour reproduction, device is fast and fluid . No lags at all while toggling from one application to another, Very Very fast processor, Cameras are quite average.
+ Moto E(second gen) is one of the best phones in its kind.And the specifications are indeed awesome,build quality superb, touch buttery smooth.viewing angles are awesome.speaker is loud and clear
+ Build quality of Motorola phone are superb, The call quality is exceptional, The speaker volume is extremely loud, satisfied with its quality display.Not much heating,better battery backup
+ Decent performance, phone is clutter free and fast, No heating issues at all, big screen, phone provide good grip while holding it, build looks sturdy,Battery is very good
+ good battery backup,sharp display,fits in hand,no lagging or hanging,better experience of touch,good sound quality,no problem in calling features,good Wi-Fi connectivity,better look and shape
+ Excellent Performance,Very Good Build Quality,Easy for One hand Operation,Good Camera,EXCELLENT BATTERY BACK UP
+ a very good phone,worth the price. best smartphone. the look of the phone is awesome.
+ has a very good build quality, it feels very sturdy in hands,There is no lag what so ever , UI is buttery smooth, display is very sharp and best in its class, camera takes decent shots, 
+ Nice Screen 4.5 Inch, Butter Smooth Touch Experience, Camera with auto focus, better battery backup
+ Decent hardware,Lag free,Bigger Battery, frequent updates
+ No Lags, Display is Crisp,  Super Smooth Touch Screen Experience,  Average Front Camera,Both Sim Card Slot Support 3g, The Build Quality is also very Good
+ Its a wonderful book on quantitative aptitude, it covers almost all the topics which is generally needed at competitive levels such as ssc, Banking clerks, insurance exams etc. Overall a very wonderful book although having few mistakes (which are avoidable). great book.
+ just go for it if you want to start crack the exams!!! best of luck and start preparation from now!!!
+ Any day best book for beginners! Has good amout of questions to get hang of topics!
+ the book is pretty good and it is ideal for all competitive exams as the label in front of the book say...i got the book within 2 days of ordering the book so a thumbs up to flipkart .
+ I bought this book a couple of months before my placements and I used to practise it on a regular basis. This is a must read book for all students who want to get placed in all reputed companies. It covers all chapters and this one book is sufficient to crack the jobs.
+ the packing was ultimate. ws retail combined with flipkart is a deadly combination. very good condition of the book. it was laminated. the book...yes. oh my god. and yes it does help you out with the preparations of sail
+ Useful book for competitive examinations at right cost. I buy this book for my cousin and gift to her. She is very happy.
+ the book is very nice and easy to prepare for all exams and, i like the flipkart's quick and fast delivery superb
+ it's good book very one read ths book to who aim to become banker all example r good easy to understand to any one
+ Its one of the best book with good explanation basics of math. I bought it for banking preparation, and I can say its a must have.
+ it is not only for the students but also for all the members who want to write the competitive exams VERY EXCELLENT BOOK
+ I am in love with this book. Keeps me interested in solving more and more problems. Author has put in a lot of effort and research writing this book. It will clear all your fundas. Thanks to Flipkart for making the book available at reasonable cost.
+ Really, Best book for the prepration of the aptitute.it covers all aptitute quentions realated any public sector exam.
+ it is very crucial book for the all entrance exam . its a very fabulous book for the s.s.c. exam .so i suggest all student who are doing work for exam
+ Its a very good book for those who are preparing for competetive exams and the quality of the book is also good
+ its a very good n helpful book..filpkart packing was also great .on time delivery....best for all exams types like upsc,ssc
+ This book is very Good for the beginners.
+ very useful book for competative examination point of view but if you have 6th edition than no need to buy it again because nothing was new in this book
+ Nice book, For students required to write competitive exams this book is handy and prospective with all solved examples and questions.
+ this book is good for getting to know the basics at ground level for the placement process.keep in mind that this book only contains Math(hence, Quantitative/Quants). You have to prepare for Logic and English from other sources.
+ A great book for alll aspirants. a really great book, it has solved examples which are really helpfull. the description of the problem solving tactics are great. thanks to Mr. R.S.Aggarwal. and thanks to flipkart.
+ This is the best book for concept building and making your base stronger. If you can give your time to this book then rest assured that your base in Quantum section would be really strong.
+ Book is nice for exams..makes ur concept clear n makes u understand things. Really a good one n worth
+ This book is highly recommended for students appearing competitive exams especially SSC,RRB etc. Solutions are Simple
+ It a good combination of all types of problems....After studying from it aptitudes can be cracked easily...As most of the aptitude problems are from this book
+ I recommend all to purchase this book because of its simplicity and its really helpful....
+ This book covers each and every topic of entrance exam,you can clear any exam after you go to this book thoroughly. Must buy for entrance exams preparation
+ The best book for all seeking to give any kind of aptitude test. Quite cheap and most useful for On Campus recruitment preparations for Engineering students.
+ You can definitely go for this book even though you do not have any idea about aptitude as the book itself is a good teacher.
+ it is a good containing most of the type of aptitude questions helpful for all competitive exams given topic wise and with solved examples easy to understand
+ Good book for competitive exams.
+ Good Quality,Fast Delivered,Well Packed,Good as Always,Best Book For The Study Of Quanta and Aptitude Test,Must Buy!!!!!
+ This book is very good. This aptitude book will enhance your skills to qualify in various exams. My teachers . parents appreciate about this book. RS Aggrawal is a good Author.
- The nexus 6p is good phone but huawei provides the worst service ever seen. I bought the phone on from flipkart on Noverber 5, 2015. I faced issues with display (green lines) after a month of use and gave the phone to the service center on December 15th 2015. It's already been more than a month (January 23, 2016) and they still haven't returned my phone. The consumer support is the worst. The local service center never picks up the phone. I had to go to the service center to get any updates. Huawei customer care is a waste of time. All they tell you is that it's under processing. DON'T EVER BUY A PHONE FROM HUAWEI.
- The nexus 6p came with special offer of 3000rs store credit during the 21st Dec and 23rd Dec. The flipkart cc team is simply denying any such offer now.
- Nexus 6p is great , awesome as suggested in all the reviews written and you have received but it has inherent echo issue while talking to someone on speaker phone. Your own voice gets echoed multiple times on speaker which very annoying for both you and person you ar calling. I have tried everything from resetting phone to check every settings in phone. But in vain so please hold off buying this phone until this issue is solved....
- please do not waste your money on Nexus 6p, it has a lag and stutter issue, some apps (especially YouTube unfortunately has stopped), some apps opening get long time, play store every time said times out,
- Guys this is good phone, no questions about that but after sales services is not good, I'm from Hyderabad... this brand has only 2 service centers here and both of those service centers didn't even know about this phone release.. my phone screen accidentally broken 3 days back when I went to change front glass, service center guys told me that... this phone's parts are not available and may take 3 to 6 months so guys if you want to buy this phone just pray for phone safety for atleast 6 months later you will get service 
- WOREST CAMERA HONOR 7 HAS 20 MP CAM BUT 8 MP CAM MOBILE IS BETTER THAN HONOR 7 IN FRONT IT HAS FLASH THEY TOLD BUT IT HAS BIKE'S BULB IN FRONT.WORST CAMER'S FRONT AND BACK
- Don't go for this phone I have lot of problems with honor7, phone automatically off & on, hang, so I returned
- I have recently noticed that very often the calls get dropped. I was on an important call for 10 mins and it gets dropped without any reason. You can hear echo, static noise. I'm really frustrated that I paid 23k for a faulty product like this.Flipkart should refund my money!!!!! 
- I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draining very fast. I have told to perform so many thing such as updating latest software, resetting the phone, but all in vein. Also, I visited lenovo service center and they suggested me to get the phone returned to Flipkart. I got it replaced with a new phone but still the same issue. Even I can say it was more than that. I got a message on the phone " WARNING! OVER BATTERY TEMPERATURE".
- A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.
- Pathetic product, Heating issues, loudspeaker sound is bad, Save your money.once its heated, battery drains fast as hell!
- this phone switch off automatically, there is problem in regarding light of back switch and phone is having in speaker and during call voice is not clear
- Mobile is getting heated up very quickly and quality of Camera is bad. they are not providing the headset.
- A6000 phone switched off suddenly.A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.Returned and got new piece that also has the same issue. 
- Phone is getting heated soon.After attending a call for a minute also it gets heated.Hanging after installing 20 apps in 2hrs..Not satisfied with the piece..Only advantage is lightweight. 
- Apparently flipkart is not ready to take any responsibility on there electronic products. Unless its a hardware damage issue.If its an heating issue or hanging issue flipkart will not take any responsible, neither will replace or repair even if its within 30 days.
- The phone heats up like a furnace and restarts due to excessive heat.Please be careful as Flipkart did not replace the phone in spite of having these defects.
- Incoming calls volume is very poor compare with other mobiles. Other remaining features are good. volume feature is not attractive.
- i have purchased lenovo a 6000 plus 15 - 20 days ago first it was working smoothly but after 15 days its touch screen is not working properly.
- Everything working fine except voice calling , i think it is mobile problem , i havnt faced it before in my old phone , if anybody facing same problem let me know ?????????
- Waiting from past 1 week to receive order, Expected Delivery Date is Gone but till now no shipment information.Not Expected This Type of Service From Flipkart. How Can I Trust Flipkart for Future Business
- relieved this product easily and only one day after I am sorry to say - this product is not up to the mark. touch screen is very poor, very light weight hand set but handset become very hot in few minutes of use.... hopeless return policy. seller given msg to me from flipkart that this product can not return. I am suggesting you people please do not buy this product..
- not good camera result all our ok but camera show 8 mp but i am not satisfy with result of rear and font both of camerass
- I purchase the mobile after 34 days touch not working,I visited servicing centre ,they have repaired the mobile.I have not checked properly the mobile, they have made it like specimen phone inside.
- I ma using this phone from last 4 months. very much heating problem. some times hanging phone and average backup.
- The phone is not getting charged. Battery is not charging at all. I have started using the phone and the phone has issue now.
- very bad.....it went dead after upgrading ...very bad product...keep away ,. WE purchased it through flipkart whose service is excellent.. but the product performance is very poor and gone dead within 6 months....what a product it is
- battery drying early and mobile is getting very heat early ... waste of product please improve the battery mah and it will be better for the buyer .
- This phone has worst camera as compared to other phones.If camera is not needed this phone is as good as a phone costing .
- I bought this mobile recently for few days it was working fine after that the battery drains like anything. with full charge it is coming around 3 hrs and if u talk for 3-5 min getting too much heat..
- Serious network issues with Lenovo A6000 plus. Went for service centre and the token number per day exceeds 120. So many complaints on this product and no proper service. Please dont buy 
- Touch never worked properly. Even replaced piece was same. Bad Camera quality. Heating Problem.
- Bad Battery Backup.
- THE PHONE IS COMPLETELY NOT CHARGING .AND IT IS COLD ,IT IS POWER DOWN DUE TO 0% CHARGE.I BOUGHT IT JUST 2 MONTHS AGO
- I bought the phone with good expectation of decent cam and other feature better than Redmi 1s but great disappointment as the camera is to bad and have shades and look like vga cam when zoom the cam picture... apart from cam rest all other feature seems to be good and handy.... 
- I have buoyed a product, it is not good.so many problems are come extra-over heating, camera problem,automatic shutdown ,
- Ram is low as far price is concern with compared to other brands, Low internal Memory 
- not worth buy, like china mobile around 5k, very poor camera quality ,waste of money
- The product is not good as mentioned in the configuration, it is very heavy unable to operate easily.
- Spending 11k for this phone is a big mistake. Though the screen is big but the processor is too slow. Camera is HELL, cant understand how come a 13MP/5MP camera can be so bad. 
- mobile quality is very bad. not working properly. not good performance . shut down automatically.processor speed is very slow. 
- I have face some problem when I download any video then that video don not show any player .camera quality is not good just like micromax mobile phone
- Internal Memory is not sufficient its little slow some apps cant move on external if you really really have low budget then only go for this phone or c some other option 
- the camera pics are not still basis, all pics after shoot out goes blur. not liked this from rear and selfie. video ok
- pathetic finish and poor screen resolution , poor battery life and video quality .needs improvement in look and feel 
- only one sim slot supported LTE wrong information given by flipkart in website Back camera is not good 
- touch pad wont work fast and even back key but size and look is good.even took to auth service center but still in the same condition 
- the screen quality is very bad and speaker volume is also very less so i say that the screen quality is very poor also phone memory is only 8 gb which is also very less.the battery of phone is very good.
- i have problem mobile samsung on7 lost dead. i was mobile fall then samsung service work repair fail. mobile chip and all mobile dead. it is not allow warrantly. i want exchange.
- Same old Samsung battery problem, battery does not work efficiently when 3G is on, RAM is again very low, Samsung will not learn from its mistakes, guys please, you can learn from my mistake, do not buy this phone. Go for Motorola phones instead, they offer good configuration and battery life.
- The mobile display is not that attractive when compared to e or a series.It has basics.If you are gifting it to your mom or dad then its a good deal.. but if you are taking it for yourself or any youngster its not a good deal.E AND A SERIES ARE FAR BETTER.
- good touch & camera but battry is not better other wise this is a good phone & delivery very badly in 12 days 
- sound is so poor, camera is just ok. Not is what i think when purchased. Samsung should review this product
- Product delivery timings are ok. But the 13mp rear is just OK not bad. Front camera is very wrost so the phone rate 10990 is very high its my opinion other some futures are just OK only... 
- I found heating issue with this phone. Just after 20-30 minutes of Video, Phone Gets heated up too much. 
- Camera is very poor - Photo are not coming brighter even in the ample light.
- Camera has night blindness......not capturing good -bright photo even in the evening after switching on the light at home/inside 
- Sound and Camera quality is bad. Product is not met expected level. 
- After follow of instruction as given by flipkart then also getting a same Problem of this mobile. The Problem is Soooo Heating & Restarting. Solve my problem.
- I want my refund my amount beacuse i want to purchase another mobile, Pleaser requesting to Refund my amount.
- This Product is so worst.It has other problems also. 
- Camera is very good, but battery drains out early when using internet
- heating problem and no network signal in mobile, outer speakers are not clear voice dont buy this product ,camera flash very poor
- Phone is hanging octa core processor require. but Camera quality is good.
- Good battery backup, an average use for one day. Responsive touch. Not found any delay task so far. Phone, texting and browsing are just satisfying. Rear camera good but not great. Images are looking very nice in the phone but not in PC. 8GB internal storage just okay. 64GB SD card working flawlessly. Support all major video formats including MKV H264. Side look just okay.
- Very poor build quality. Cheapest plastic used. Poor design. Very short USB cable. Low grade charger. Basic headphone. Average display. While charging, gaming and browsing it’s getting heat.
- It is very good to use. Its performance is very good. Nice reso. ruf and tuf working performance. Look is very nice. RAM also good. Not hanging till now. 
- Hey there is no torch in this phone its really disappointing.This is a basic feature :( .Hey did any of you found this feature if yes then pls let me know . 
- Thought samsung will satisfy my basic need like call clarity loudness ,speaker and internal speaker , and loud speaker worst than normal phone,
- dont go for it,, i wasted my money i tested in redmi note about call clarity so good compared to on7,, no basic app like file messanger in 0n7
- others features are worst i used micromax canvas before its far better phone and i used sony for hearing song ,, sony is dam sony nxt time what ever cost i will buy sony ,
- Not any highlighting features to say and samsung saying 13 megapixel and making us to buy but really both have 2 mega pixel camera quality ..worth rs 5600 only so pls dont buy those who earned hard money and some comments abouts are fake they putting 5 star rating to sell this mobile
- Hi friends I got my samsung galaxy on7 by yesterday . The problem is that its battery is not that much powerful. its having a haging problem with 1.5GB ram.its Full HD and camera is the only advantage comparing to all other phones in this segment
- phone automatically automatically restart while calling.
- phone blinking automatically like display screen
- i don't find any Cons but i feel camera quality is poor.
- Sound quality not up to the mark
- Camera quality doesn't seems to have 13MP & 5MP as compare to rivals like MOTO & HTC
- Picture and music quality is very poor, it doesn't have any useful preloaded apps not even music player!!!!, it has an app called mix radio which is good for nothing. Don't go for this phone as you can get much better one at this price..
- Good Phone for this price bracket but the screen is very fragile i dropped a 5 rupee coin on the screen accidentally and the whole display is cracked so if u buy this pls handle it with care and also there is no notification LED for missed calls and sms alerts
- Ram is low as far price is concern with compared to other brands
- Low internal Memory 
- not worth buy, like china mobile around 5k
- very poor camera quality
- waste of money
- heating problem and no network signal in mobile, outer speakers are not clear voice dont buy this product 
- The product is not good as mentioned in the configuration, it is very heavy unable to operate easily.
- Spending 11k for this phone is a big mistake. Though the screen is big but the processor is too slow. Camera is HELL, cant understand how come a 13MP/5MP camera can be so bad. 
- mobile quality is very bad. not working properly. not good performance . shut down automatically.
- processor speed is very slow. 
- The image quality in low light conditions are very worst,I have brought this by seeing the 13 mp rear & 5.5 inch display etc.If you are looking for a smart phone that you will never complain on the photo quality , I think this product is not for you ,you may look for other mobile phones at this price point available by paying additional thousands one or two
- Internal Memory is not sufficient its little slow some apps cant move on external.if you really really have low budget then only go for this phone or c some other option
- the camera pics are not still basis, all pics after shoot out goes blurrr. not liked this from rear and selfie. video ok.
- The applications which can be moved to the SD card only copy less amount of data to SD card, due to this less numbers of applications can be installed on this phone.
- If the applications installed on the SD card are upgraded, they go back to the phone memory automatically, you have to manually put them back on the SD card. 
- Camera quality not very good, getting a stable shot is very difficult. The brightness control does not remain locked after adjustment.
- The front camera takes a mirror image, this has to be rectified.
- The sound quality from the external speakers is not loud enough, the speaker is at the back side so if the phone is lying with speaker facing down, the ringtone volume is low or inaudible.
- No magneto meter in the phone so you cannot install apps like compass, this also affects you when you are using maps. 
- The ultra power saving mode is actually useless as you can even do without this feature. Even when you activate and deactivate this mode its consumes your time in switching the themes. 
- This phone does not turn on Data in Roaming if you are outside the operators area.There are many other turn offs in this phone.
- performance is good but true 720p is not running smoothly even a sony's dual core processor like xperia sp,l runs 720p smoothly,camera not as expected...gaming performance is worst...
- I have purchased this Phone 1 Week Back from Flipkart, II am using this Phone from one week, If you received 3 calls instantly the Phone will Hange, the sound that is incoming ring sound, Out going voice you cannot listen, You have restart again and use it, but dispaly was good
- This is just a normal Android Product with low price by Samsung to sustain in Market. Samsung had crated these J5/J7 at affordable price since their all products are getting outdated and their prices are very high.
- Batter is draining very fast. Every minute one percent while using. Performance also degraded a lot. Please look for other devices. Dont waste your money. 
- poor battery backup, as per the phones spec showing 2640 Mah battery but it won't last for one day with rare data usage, if we switch on the data we can see the battery indicator working as a speedometer, it's draining like anything.
- Having heating issue with this phone also.
- Other issue is very slow may be because of less RAM or with processor issue.
- Speaker volume is very low, they are providing the conventional flat type head set not the earbud type.
- Totally the phone is not value for money.
- its to slow to use my first bad phone battery backup low not happy with it hangs alto and and game loft offer dosent works 
- good display and good battery back up..but it lags like hell..sometimes up to 2 sec delay..sometimes i want to throw it in the trash..better go for moto g 3rd gen.. 
- Overall specifications of J5 is best and loving the most attractive thing in it is its lcd show great colours and battery backup is amazing
- This phone was good for the initial month and later it started getting hung every now and then , i got a very few apps and a downloaded a couple of games.But when you call this a gaming phone with 2gb ram or 1.5 , it is meant for gaming isn't it?
- it got a little hanging problem.both camera is good.battery backup is good.phone is slim and handy but slippery
- This handset is worst than Mi2 (redme). Videos are get struck daily so many times & playing post rebooting the device only. 
- display is very small..and in call history number is moving not stable so it is inconvenient to see the number.
- The purpose of going to a mobile with this price is that the mobile will be used only for the basic things. But this purpose fails when it fails to serve the purpose. Call quality is disgusting.. i bought it for one old guy... Very disgusting.. not able to hear properly what others is speaking.. Have got a very worst mobile. Samsung- a cheap phone manufacturer without quality. My rating would be 0-0.5. 
- all time network problem...sim card each and every time refreshing and network disconnected...very bad mobile...totally network problem...sim not detect 
- Its quality is like a item bought on footpath. I think products on footpath are much more better.The most idiotic item i ever bought 
- M using this phone for last 2 months.My kind request,don't purchase it..speaker is worst,earphone not provided,and if u go for a duplicate ear phone it's not supported..Not suitable for talking purpose..
- Battery life is good, but it has very limited features,FM missing.Memory Card slot missing,When heard from the recipient, the audio is not so clear.
- this phone does not has any feature and is just for attending phone calls and messaging. I gave it to my grandmother who could talk to me whenever and wherever she goes. it is easy to use . one who is starting to use mobile its good for them.
- I Have buy a Samsung galaxy s5 from Flipkart But after 15 days its giving me problem of over heating anytime like surfing Internet or charging, playing games.I have also problem Of back door battery panel its fitting is loose in middle portion. I was asked for help to flipkarts customer care but still no reply.....!
- Cheap plastic crap for 40 K...if you have black money please spend on this piece of shit. I dont even find it worth 15K. seriously why on earth would you come up with a phone like this? If you are stupid enough please buy this phone.Samsung has lost it. 
- Flipkart, don't for what did they charged me Rs1695/- As there was only "charger" & "earphone". Might be some very limited edition from SAMSUNG, or only available on FLIPKART. 
- I had to change the display unit completely within 7 months, as it had stopped working altogether suddenly.
- Heavy restart problem is noticed while making call.Average performance comparing to other Samsung phones.Not getting a feeling of value for money.If any body planning to buy this product,ask Samsung that they replace/rectify the phone for this restart problem. 
- Phone Hangs quite often, Screen Flickers at times (not sure if applicable to all the devices)
- my personal opinion on this phone after watching on the box " for indian SIMs"the phone was made for some other country and it may failed there.
- WiFi not supporting,(may be my peace)
- front camera week.
- slow and hang symptoms,Looks great,work week
- The build quality is very low. It gets heated up like the other devices. Samsung is making fool of every one by selling low specs mobile at high prices. 
- I had received this mobile yesterday. The front camera of the mobile is very bad.overall i am not satisfied with this mobile and i am not recommended any one to purchase this mobile
- It has a very very bad quality camera.
- No OTG Support
- Except camera everything is fine in this phone. I think its a Chinese Mobile Camera is fitted in this phone. 
- I have found that set is still hanging. Look wise set is good 
- Average Processor/ RAM- The phone hangs a lot. Just keep on Restarting your Device for you don't have any other option left. 1.5GB Ram is amazing, the price of get out of it.
- Had a really bad experience with this set. Customers to buy on their own Risk.
- Good mobile having worst camera, both 8 and 5 MP camera looks like a VGA camera.
- Hangs Many Times
- Touch is not smooth
- Even Cheap Phones have better Touch than this
- Hanging from first day with normal use
- Gets too much time to full charge 
- I feel very uncomfortable while typing due to its ugly design of keypad.
- Who is that master piece designer to design such a worst touch sensor and mini keys....Really pathetic.... In this range ill suggest to buy Samsung Galaxy Grand MAX. 
- flipkart is the best service in india.flipkart delivery is very fast .this site delivery perfect item .i bought samsung galaxy on5 in gold colour . 
- Easy to carry. Camera. clarity fine. Compare to other mobiles price is little bit high. 
- Audio quality is very bad...Phone ringing sound is also hopeless.Samsung should improve on this area. Rest of the specs are ok.
- Samsung on5 is overall good phone under ten thousand. camera quality is as usual by Samsung. Its battery capacity 2600mah is low compare to other phones.
- one problem I am facing that was whenever I used to press back button of this phone its get hang for little time. otherwise its ok.
- Phone is Ok in battery ...But Touch is inferior to its peers. Recently it is also hanging .Slightly over weight . Moto E is better choice. 
- Touch definitely could have been better(More responsive) , battery life is okay, you will always feel dearth of space with 8 GB ROM and 1.5 GB RAM.I used Lenovo A6000 Plus before this, it was definitely better than this phone from Samsung.I bought this to give Samsung a try but wasn't worth it, buy it only if you are a Samsung loyalist. 
- Phone is Ok in battery ...But Touch is inferior to its peers. Recently it is also hanging .Slightly over weight . Moto E is better choice. 
- I bought this to give Samsung a try but wasn't worth it, buy it only if you are a Samsung loyalist.
- Please do not buy this phone as it has a very distorted and unclear image while captured through the camera.
- I am using this phone from last one month and found everything working fine.....good phone and would suggest go for it......good looking and best performance. 
- TOUCH RESPONSE IS VERY VERY BAD...SOUND IS NOT LOUD...ALSO HAVE NETWORK ISSUE
- Display quality is too bad...if u compare on5 with moto g2 u will see the difference...Samsung phone is equal to china phone.
- i have recently got a samsung on5 phone on 8/2/2016 but the phone earphone is not working. I have to enable the loudspeaker to ear the voice of anyone calling on this phone.
- No Quality cameras front and rare (5&8MP)..Its to bad...
- Really bad touch experience. At times it works with smooth touch, but almost every other time its a hard stroke to give on the screen. This will frustrate you if you use your phone very frequently
- Some network issue. It shows signal strength even if there is NO SIM inside the phone. Issue in making SMI-1 default for calls and SIM-2 default for Internet-data. It has to be same SIM for both requirements.
- phone is stuck during work and not get back until remove its battery .
- There is no option to apply Themes. Whole time you have see the same bored sumsung in built theme. as well there are many draw backs. Graphics are also very poor compared to ASUS, and YU as well lenovo k3.
- Buy at your own risk .Not a good product from samsung 
- Camera front and back are not up to the mark.
- Worst mobile don't buy.At this price bracket go for moto g series or lenovo a 6000 plus. ...
- Very poor camera like chines phone.Mira White Silk very poor camera not 8mp only 1.3 mp . Please don't west your money
- If you are new to smart phone you can go for it.If you had used atlest Redmi 2/Or Samsung Grand i9082, U dont feel comfortable with the Touch Sensitivity Designed in this mobile.
- using it from last 2 months .. there are many issues observed .. while in call, phone automatically goes to hold mode ... phone is getting switched off frequently and we have to switch it on ... battery is draining very fast ... phone has become very slow ... over all 3rd class product from samsung ... 
- This phone hangs a lot but although have nice features.The main problem is it very slow 
- charging time too more heating problem 
- Display is worst I have ever come across. And as per the lenovo official forum there is no solution for it. 
- display is worst.this is no solution for the display problem.their are some manufacturing problems. for more search in Google about Lenovo G40-45 display problems. 
- It has only 1 GB of graphics n poor battery life, getting only 1.5 to 2 hrs backup only and heating very fastly. average build quality. i can't adjst the display brightness, so updated the driver and the prblm solved, after 2 days same problem again starts n also d touchpad is too small... 
- Very poor battery life. It runs only 2 and half hours after full charge.Where as battery life should be more than 4 hours. Screen quality is also not good.Performance is good
- It is not a clear HD display.Even the Lenovo service people are saying it has display limitations which cannot be resolved at all.I tried to all options.It is a faulty model so better to buy G50-45 which i suggest. If you dont need a good display you may buy it.
- Heating Problem...which ids inevitable with amd.its not 8gb but 6.96gb.Graphic drivers are not provided in the cd , one should upadate them using amd catalyst..
- the mouse driver stops working if you install it over a windows 7 os.i had to uninstall it before i could finally use it
- the laptop speakers are oddly placed down and gets muffled if kept on the bed
- this product has average performance.too much heat. when i installed the NFS game from there it started hanging.i got trapped by flipkart. 
- There is NO IN CALL TIMER. You won't know when your call starts by just looking at screen. KEEP it sticking to your ear to see if call is connected.
- The handsfree is basic BUT neither the handsfree nor the phone supports ANSWERING via handsfree. I tried my old nokia handsfree and it DOESNT WORK
- Nokia changed its age long shortcuts/key actions and that creates confusion for old nokia users.
- Bluetooth is namesake - only for sharing objects. BLUETOOTH HANDSFREE are NOT supported at all
- Shows hint for editing call volume whenever you dial a number and this bullshit feature can't be turned off anywhere.
- Screen goes dark while making call and single clicking RED button doesn't wake it up. You need to CLICK TWICE to use phone while call or to unlock it.
- Phonebook shows all three ALWAYS BY DEFAULT. Sim1, 2 and Phone memory are permanently visible. You can't select your choice.
- The BT in this phone only supports file transfers (Audio and Video - Other files might be supported, however I didn't try yet) and not audio headsets. 
- like a toy. cheap plastic material. But nothing can be expected more at this price tag. Its having a video player also. that amazed me.
- Phone quality is very poor. Cabin made with poor quality plastic. Quality check not done properly, Some functions are not at all working.This mobile is not a good option. 
- Phone is not at all a good one.....its speaker quality is too bad.....cant hear anything properly in a hazy area...and also while travelling 
- beware this phone, it was written bright red but color received is orange and when we try to return they instead tell they will not as picture is orange but i buy from app its appears like red only .flipkart is now the same as before customer guy are rude and stick to their point.
- Phone purely basic model, You can't expect any surprises. Screen quality is average, call quality ig good. Can go for rough use 
- i had lot of faith in nokias solid hardware and impeccable software performance before buying the phone.
- i dint hope this kind of problem to show up in a basic set.those who are about to buy this phone please know new nokias phones are not like old nokias phone . this is microsofts crap phone and there after sales service is also hopless. 
- The speaker is not good, even at high volume its difficult to listen to the conversation. Would say the phone is useless. Period. 
- Product Is not Good... Product Image looking good but when i will got the Product then its not working as excepted 
- INCOMING Call sound quality is very poor, some times sound will not come. 
- I brought this basic piece only for calls purpose but its voice speaker sound is too low to hear 
- Warranty is not accepted by Nokia (Microsoft) Service center
- Have been using this phone for the last four months. Since last two weeks twice I faced a great lot of difficulty in switching on the set.
- The voice is NOT clear at all while on calls, its hard to hear & understand what the person on the other side of the line is speaking.Product is very bad.With in a month mobile is having issue with Outgoing voice.I dnt know whom to blame whether nokia or Seller.But its very bad 
- Its missing the quality of Nokia.. we are used to. The battery backup is low.. the sound is low.. over all.. very disappointed..
- If a mobile is not useful for making calls then what is the use of a mobile?
- Nokia was not able to meet cx needs not expectations.I think that is the reason this guy is longer in the business.
- The earpiece sound quality is bad..its like rumbling voice ,like the voice coming from an china audio tape deck offered for Rs.100 
- Please Don't go for this mobile. I bought jan '15 after five month, i faced so much problem.
- Keypad some buttons are not working and one sim card portal permanently not working, another not detecting.
- Good Service by Flipkart as usual, But the phone is not so good. Speaker and mic are not working neatly. Sound is cracking while talking. Nokia should improve its build quality. 
- seems speaker problem, somehow slippery(means as per the design phone can slip from hands)
- incoming call voice is low.Automatic switching off.and seal of nokia tampered and i received with finger print. 
- horrible customer service. the charger was found faulty and i am chasing the customre care continuously. till now no positive feedback. 
- cheap mobile... butt very low voice quality ... battery also problem.. some time hang automatic switch off 
- Its a crap, brought it for my grandma and it start showing problems like starts restarting, not very user friendly for senior citizens rather I would suggest you to go for samsung in same price range. 
- it is not accepting sim card properly. it has some technical problems I guess. so better try any other hand set. I am disappointed Microsoft.:( 
- Not user friendly navigation (Other nokia models are very user freindly) 
- Weird unlock procedure - when compared to old Nokias or Samsung. 
- Cannot add multiple phone numbers to a contact. (Come one Nokia!..my 3 year old cheap Nokia had it).
- Phone shows contacts from both sims as well as phone memory. There is no way to choose which memory to be used. Really irritating when you have same contacts on both sims.
- not good looks cheap phone. it has bluetooth and mp3 playback option with a very cheap screen resolution
- Its waste spending on it.Even battery is not that backup.Only pros is the mobile weight is less 
- The plastic body is ill-fitting, making squeaky noises when handling. The body colour is bad (I had gone in for black), not at all reflecting the photos shown in the site. Voice clarity for the other party is bad. Display is not great.
- Phone is slippery, looks good but built quality is average, charger wire is very small.
- You cant save any wall papers or view photos, only three wall papers are available all of them are of bad quality.
- The phone is good for normal or back up use but like most low budget phone the audio quality is very poor. 
- Many features are not their.compare to nokia100,101 this phone is waste why b.coz hre chat option is not their and charging was not much great.
- I've received this on yesterday and is in good condition. I think n130 is the first basic phone made by Nokia with usb charging slot. 
- I had read the reviews about and did not heed the phone due to my love for Nokia phones ( I have used several models). For me, it stood for quality and durability. But, not any more.
- This phone is not working now. Not sure why thought. Now i ll have run for service centre which will be pain.
- this phone has issue of of low sounding system in rush or normal talk you cant able o hear a word on this phone because ear phone is quite not up to mark speaker is at back side of the phone 
- Nokia is always good choice for low budget phone and i have chosen this but the delivery (red express) is the worst service provider for this seller
- They have a tacking system which shows the consignment is undelivered due to personal not available in fact they don't try to attempt but they update their system.
- one advantage is weightless,easy messaging. but calls when received have no good voice clarity, low audible while hearing, but very compact ,easy portable, 
- This model has volume problem for incoming calls; the incoming voice volume is really low. You will have to press it hard to ear to listen clearly; it is frustrating.
- it is completely out of order within a month time of purchase.pls do not buy low priced mobile phone. this is not a product from Nokia 
- its not good .,sound quality is very poor.i bought it for my father as it may be easy for him to use,but he unable to hear anything.................:(
- I am received duplicate mobile, 1 month follow up with flipkart, but nobody not responed.
- Handset stopped working within a year. Very bad audible speakers. not at all worth for money. I will say never buy this product 
- charging problem, vibrating problem, speaker problem,
- It's been a few months since I purchased it. It worked great for sometime but is now snagging.
- I am not able to make calls but I can receive calls.
- Voice not clear and button not woking
- Poor speaker quality. Need to turn on loud speaker to take calls if you are in noisy environment. Overall it is a decent quality phone.
- I dont need to say more... it stopped working and there is not way I can return this now... No one expects too much from a basic feature phone but atleast it should work! 
- I am using this product ...the speaker voice is very low i have to switch on the loudspeaker mode to attend call..ovarall is good except the speaker quality 
- Everything was fine but I got this phone without earphone. It's okay for me but unfair 
- product is not gud . nt flipkart nt refunding also . customer service nt responding properly thy r nt ready to give gud product also nt refunding also
- the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens. however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem.  
- the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage. i wish canon would work out some way for that issue. 
- the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy.    
- maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing.  
- it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got.  
- the grain was terrible. next time i set it at 100 and used the flash.   
- well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise.  
- the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash.
- relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots.  
- now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
- the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software.  
- what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical. what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it.  
- about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder.this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler.  
- the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds.  
- got way too many blurry pictures. i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 ! 
- the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots.  
- it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button.  
- it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot.  
- i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive.  
- unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted.  
- the included lens cap is very loose on the camera.  
- though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself.  
- the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic. the g2 was better in this respect.  
- it had a heavier and more sturdy casing. despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera.  
- one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all.  
- you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder.  
- it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
- one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough.  
- the included memory card is too small.  go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense.  
- it is made of plastic.  for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience.  
- the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot.  his is not a handbag camera.  
- the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile.  
- the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to.  
- this camera has a major design flaw.  
- when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens.  
- the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera.  
- i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better.  
- the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
- the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving . 
- the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
- i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with bass boost . 
- the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad . 
- its not really plug and play .
- it is very confusing to start the program .
- what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
- rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . 
- loading cds was somewhat time consuming . 
- my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 