The nexus 6p is good phone but huawei provides the worst service ever seen. I bought the phone on from flipkart on Noverber 5, 2015. I faced issues with display (green lines) after a month of use and gave the phone to the service center on December 15th 2015. It's already been more than a month (January 23, 2016) and they still haven't returned my phone. The consumer support is the worst. The local service center never picks up the phone. I had to go to the service center to get any updates. Huawei customer care is a waste of time. All they tell you is that it's under processing. DON'T EVER BUY A PHONE FROM HUAWEI.
The nexus 6p came with special offer of 3000rs store credit during the 21st Dec and 23rd Dec. The flipkart cc team is simply denying any such offer now.
Nexus 6p is great , awesome as suggested in all the reviews written and you have received but it has inherent echo issue while talking to someone on speaker phone. Your own voice gets echoed multiple times on speaker which very annoying for both you and person you ar calling. I have tried everything from resetting phone to check every settings in phone. But in vain so please hold off buying this phone until this issue is solved....
please do not waste your money on Nexus 6p, it has a lag and stutter issue, some apps (especially YouTube unfortunately has stopped), some apps opening get long time, play store every time said times out,
Guys this is good phone, no questions about that but after sales services is not good, I'm from Hyderabad... this brand has only 2 service centers here and both of those service centers didn't even know about this phone release.. my phone screen accidentally broken 3 days back when I went to change front glass, service center guys told me that... this phone's parts are not available and may take 3 to 6 months so guys if you want to buy this phone just pray for phone safety for atleast 6 months later you will get service 
WOREST CAMERA HONOR 7 HAS 20 MP CAM BUT 8 MP CAM MOBILE IS BETTER THAN HONOR 7 IN FRONT IT HAS FLASH THEY TOLD BUT IT HAS BIKE'S BULB IN FRONT.WORST CAMER'S FRONT AND BACK
Don't go for this phone I have lot of problems with honor7, phone automatically off & on, hang, so I returned
I have recently noticed that very often the calls get dropped. I was on an important call for 10 mins and it gets dropped without any reason. You can hear echo, static noise. I'm really frustrated that I paid 23k for a faulty product like this.Flipkart should refund my money!!!!! 
I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draining very fast. I have told to perform so many thing such as updating latest software, resetting the phone, but all in vein. Also, I visited lenovo service center and they suggested me to get the phone returned to Flipkart. I got it replaced with a new phone but still the same issue. Even I can say it was more than that. I got a message on the phone " WARNING! OVER BATTERY TEMPERATURE".
A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.
Pathetic product, Heating issues, loudspeaker sound is bad, Save your money.once its heated, battery drains fast as hell!
this phone switch off automatically, there is problem in regarding light of back switch and phone is having in speaker and during call voice is not clear
Mobile is getting heated up very quickly and quality of Camera is bad. they are not providing the headset.
A6000 phone switched off suddenly.A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.Returned and got new piece that also has the same issue. 
Phone is getting heated soon.After attending a call for a minute also it gets heated.Hanging after installing 20 apps in 2hrs..Not satisfied with the piece..Only advantage is lightweight. 
Apparently flipkart is not ready to take any responsibility on there electronic products. Unless its a hardware damage issue.If its an heating issue or hanging issue flipkart will not take any responsible, neither will replace or repair even if its within 30 days.
The phone heats up like a furnace and restarts due to excessive heat.Please be careful as Flipkart did not replace the phone in spite of having these defects.
Incoming calls volume is very poor compare with other mobiles. Other remaining features are good. volume feature is not attractive.
i have purchased lenovo a 6000 plus 15 - 20 days ago first it was working smoothly but after 15 days its touch screen is not working properly.
Everything working fine except voice calling , i think it is mobile problem , i havnt faced it before in my old phone , if anybody facing same problem let me know ?????????
Waiting from past 1 week to receive order, Expected Delivery Date is Gone but till now no shipment information.Not Expected This Type of Service From Flipkart. How Can I Trust Flipkart for Future Business
relieved this product easily and only one day after I am sorry to say - this product is not up to the mark. touch screen is very poor, very light weight hand set but handset become very hot in few minutes of use.... hopeless return policy. seller given msg to me from flipkart that this product can not return. I am suggesting you people please do not buy this product..
not good camera result all our ok but camera show 8 mp but i am not satisfy with result of rear and font both of camerass
I purchase the mobile after 34 days touch not working,I visited servicing centre ,they have repaired the mobile.I have not checked properly the mobile, they have made it like specimen phone inside.
I ma using this phone from last 4 months. very much heating problem. some times hanging phone and average backup.
The phone is not getting charged. Battery is not charging at all. I have started using the phone and the phone has issue now.
very bad.....it went dead after upgrading ...very bad product...keep away ,. WE purchased it through flipkart whose service is excellent.. but the product performance is very poor and gone dead within 6 months....what a product it is
battery drying early and mobile is getting very heat early ... waste of product please improve the battery mah and it will be better for the buyer .
This phone has worst camera as compared to other phones.If camera is not needed this phone is as good as a phone costing .
I bought this mobile recently for few days it was working fine after that the battery drains like anything. with full charge it is coming around 3 hrs and if u talk for 3-5 min getting too much heat..
Serious network issues with Lenovo A6000 plus. Went for service centre and the token number per day exceeds 120. So many complaints on this product and no proper service. Please dont buy 
Touch never worked properly. Even replaced piece was same. Bad Camera quality. Heating Problem.
Bad Battery Backup.
THE PHONE IS COMPLETELY NOT CHARGING .AND IT IS COLD ,IT IS POWER DOWN DUE TO 0% CHARGE.I BOUGHT IT JUST 2 MONTHS AGO
I bought the phone with good expectation of decent cam and other feature better than Redmi 1s but great disappointment as the camera is to bad and have shades and look like vga cam when zoom the cam picture... apart from cam rest all other feature seems to be good and handy.... 
I have buoyed a product, it is not good.so many problems are come extra-over heating, camera problem,automatic shutdown ,
Ram is low as far price is concern with compared to other brands, Low internal Memory 
not worth buy, like china mobile around 5k, very poor camera quality ,waste of money
The product is not good as mentioned in the configuration, it is very heavy unable to operate easily.
Spending 11k for this phone is a big mistake. Though the screen is big but the processor is too slow. Camera is HELL, cant understand how come a 13MP/5MP camera can be so bad. 
mobile quality is very bad. not working properly. not good performance . shut down automatically.processor speed is very slow. 
I have face some problem when I download any video then that video don not show any player .camera quality is not good just like micromax mobile phone
Internal Memory is not sufficient its little slow some apps cant move on external if you really really have low budget then only go for this phone or c some other option 
the camera pics are not still basis, all pics after shoot out goes blur. not liked this from rear and selfie. video ok
pathetic finish and poor screen resolution , poor battery life and video quality .needs improvement in look and feel 
only one sim slot supported LTE wrong information given by flipkart in website Back camera is not good 
touch pad wont work fast and even back key but size and look is good.even took to auth service center but still in the same condition 
the screen quality is very bad and speaker volume is also very less so i say that the screen quality is very poor also phone memory is only 8 gb which is also very less.the battery of phone is very good.
i have problem mobile samsung on7 lost dead. i was mobile fall then samsung service work repair fail. mobile chip and all mobile dead. it is not allow warrantly. i want exchange.
Same old Samsung battery problem, battery does not work efficiently when 3G is on, RAM is again very low, Samsung will not learn from its mistakes, guys please, you can learn from my mistake, do not buy this phone. Go for Motorola phones instead, they offer good configuration and battery life.
The mobile display is not that attractive when compared to e or a series.It has basics.If you are gifting it to your mom or dad then its a good deal.. but if you are taking it for yourself or any youngster its not a good deal.E AND A SERIES ARE FAR BETTER.
good touch & camera but battry is not better other wise this is a good phone & delivery very badly in 12 days 
sound is so poor, camera is just ok. Not is what i think when purchased. Samsung should review this product
Product delivery timings are ok. But the 13mp rear is just OK not bad. Front camera is very wrost so the phone rate 10990 is very high its my opinion other some futures are just OK only... 
I found heating issue with this phone. Just after 20-30 minutes of Video, Phone Gets heated up too much. 
Camera is very poor - Photo are not coming brighter even in the ample light.
Camera has night blindness......not capturing good -bright photo even in the evening after switching on the light at home/inside 
Sound and Camera quality is bad. Product is not met expected level. 
After follow of instruction as given by flipkart then also getting a same Problem of this mobile. The Problem is Soooo Heating & Restarting. Solve my problem.
I want my refund my amount beacuse i want to purchase another mobile, Pleaser requesting to Refund my amount.
This Product is so worst.It has other problems also. 
Camera is very good, but battery drains out early when using internet
heating problem and no network signal in mobile, outer speakers are not clear voice dont buy this product ,camera flash very poor
Phone is hanging octa core processor require. but Camera quality is good.
Good battery backup, an average use for one day. Responsive touch. Not found any delay task so far. Phone, texting and browsing are just satisfying. Rear camera good but not great. Images are looking very nice in the phone but not in PC. 8GB internal storage just okay. 64GB SD card working flawlessly. Support all major video formats including MKV H264. Side look just okay.
Very poor build quality. Cheapest plastic used. Poor design. Very short USB cable. Low grade charger. Basic headphone. Average display. While charging, gaming and browsing it’s getting heat.
It is very good to use. Its performance is very good. Nice reso. ruf and tuf working performance. Look is very nice. RAM also good. Not hanging till now. 
Hey there is no torch in this phone its really disappointing.This is a basic feature :( .Hey did any of you found this feature if yes then pls let me know . 
Thought samsung will satisfy my basic need like call clarity loudness ,speaker and internal speaker , and loud speaker worst than normal phone,
dont go for it,, i wasted my money i tested in redmi note about call clarity so good compared to on7,, no basic app like file messanger in 0n7
others features are worst i used micromax canvas before its far better phone and i used sony for hearing song ,, sony is dam sony nxt time what ever cost i will buy sony ,
Not any highlighting features to say and samsung saying 13 megapixel and making us to buy but really both have 2 mega pixel camera quality ..worth rs 5600 only so pls dont buy those who earned hard money and some comments abouts are fake they putting 5 star rating to sell this mobile
Hi friends I got my samsung galaxy on7 by yesterday . The problem is that its battery is not that much powerful. its having a haging problem with 1.5GB ram.its Full HD and camera is the only advantage comparing to all other phones in this segment
phone automatically automatically restart while calling.
phone blinking automatically like display screen
i don't find any Cons but i feel camera quality is poor.
Sound quality not up to the mark
Camera quality doesn't seems to have 13MP & 5MP as compare to rivals like MOTO & HTC
Picture and music quality is very poor, it doesn't have any useful preloaded apps not even music player!!!!, it has an app called mix radio which is good for nothing. Don't go for this phone as you can get much better one at this price..
Good Phone for this price bracket but the screen is very fragile i dropped a 5 rupee coin on the screen accidentally and the whole display is cracked so if u buy this pls handle it with care and also there is no notification LED for missed calls and sms alerts
Ram is low as far price is concern with compared to other brands
Low internal Memory 
not worth buy, like china mobile around 5k
very poor camera quality
waste of money
heating problem and no network signal in mobile, outer speakers are not clear voice dont buy this product 
The product is not good as mentioned in the configuration, it is very heavy unable to operate easily.
Spending 11k for this phone is a big mistake. Though the screen is big but the processor is too slow. Camera is HELL, cant understand how come a 13MP/5MP camera can be so bad. 
mobile quality is very bad. not working properly. not good performance . shut down automatically.
processor speed is very slow. 
The image quality in low light conditions are very worst,I have brought this by seeing the 13 mp rear & 5.5 inch display etc.If you are looking for a smart phone that you will never complain on the photo quality , I think this product is not for you ,you may look for other mobile phones at this price point available by paying additional thousands one or two
Internal Memory is not sufficient its little slow some apps cant move on external.if you really really have low budget then only go for this phone or c some other option
the camera pics are not still basis, all pics after shoot out goes blurrr. not liked this from rear and selfie. video ok.
The applications which can be moved to the SD card only copy less amount of data to SD card, due to this less numbers of applications can be installed on this phone.
If the applications installed on the SD card are upgraded, they go back to the phone memory automatically, you have to manually put them back on the SD card. 
Camera quality not very good, getting a stable shot is very difficult. The brightness control does not remain locked after adjustment.
The front camera takes a mirror image, this has to be rectified.
The sound quality from the external speakers is not loud enough, the speaker is at the back side so if the phone is lying with speaker facing down, the ringtone volume is low or inaudible.
No magneto meter in the phone so you cannot install apps like compass, this also affects you when you are using maps. 
The ultra power saving mode is actually useless as you can even do without this feature. Even when you activate and deactivate this mode its consumes your time in switching the themes. 
This phone does not turn on Data in Roaming if you are outside the operators area.There are many other turn offs in this phone.
performance is good but true 720p is not running smoothly even a sony's dual core processor like xperia sp,l runs 720p smoothly,camera not as expected...gaming performance is worst...
I have purchased this Phone 1 Week Back from Flipkart, II am using this Phone from one week, If you received 3 calls instantly the Phone will Hange, the sound that is incoming ring sound, Out going voice you cannot listen, You have restart again and use it, but dispaly was good
This is just a normal Android Product with low price by Samsung to sustain in Market. Samsung had crated these J5/J7 at affordable price since their all products are getting outdated and their prices are very high.
Batter is draining very fast. Every minute one percent while using. Performance also degraded a lot. Please look for other devices. Dont waste your money. 
poor battery backup, as per the phones spec showing 2640 Mah battery but it won't last for one day with rare data usage, if we switch on the data we can see the battery indicator working as a speedometer, it's draining like anything.
Having heating issue with this phone also.
Other issue is very slow may be because of less RAM or with processor issue.
Speaker volume is very low, they are providing the conventional flat type head set not the earbud type.
Totally the phone is not value for money.
its to slow to use my first bad phone battery backup low not happy with it hangs alto and and game loft offer dosent works 
good display and good battery back up..but it lags like hell..sometimes up to 2 sec delay..sometimes i want to throw it in the trash..better go for moto g 3rd gen.. 
Overall specifications of J5 is best and loving the most attractive thing in it is its lcd show great colours and battery backup is amazing
This phone was good for the initial month and later it started getting hung every now and then , i got a very few apps and a downloaded a couple of games.But when you call this a gaming phone with 2gb ram or 1.5 , it is meant for gaming isn't it?
it got a little hanging problem.both camera is good.battery backup is good.phone is slim and handy but slippery
This handset is worst than Mi2 (redme). Videos are get struck daily so many times & playing post rebooting the device only. 
display is very small..and in call history number is moving not stable so it is inconvenient to see the number.
The purpose of going to a mobile with this price is that the mobile will be used only for the basic things. But this purpose fails when it fails to serve the purpose. Call quality is disgusting.. i bought it for one old guy... Very disgusting.. not able to hear properly what others is speaking.. Have got a very worst mobile. Samsung- a cheap phone manufacturer without quality. My rating would be 0-0.5. 
all time network problem...sim card each and every time refreshing and network disconnected...very bad mobile...totally network problem...sim not detect 
Its quality is like a item bought on footpath. I think products on footpath are much more better.The most idiotic item i ever bought 
M using this phone for last 2 months.My kind request,don't purchase it..speaker is worst,earphone not provided,and if u go for a duplicate ear phone it's not supported..Not suitable for talking purpose..
Battery life is good, but it has very limited features,FM missing.Memory Card slot missing,When heard from the recipient, the audio is not so clear.
this phone does not has any feature and is just for attending phone calls and messaging. I gave it to my grandmother who could talk to me whenever and wherever she goes. it is easy to use . one who is starting to use mobile its good for them.
I Have buy a Samsung galaxy s5 from Flipkart But after 15 days its giving me problem of over heating anytime like surfing Internet or charging, playing games.I have also problem Of back door battery panel its fitting is loose in middle portion. I was asked for help to flipkarts customer care but still no reply.....!
Cheap plastic crap for 40 K...if you have black money please spend on this piece of shit. I dont even find it worth 15K. seriously why on earth would you come up with a phone like this? If you are stupid enough please buy this phone.Samsung has lost it. 
Flipkart, don't for what did they charged me Rs1695/- As there was only "charger" & "earphone". Might be some very limited edition from SAMSUNG, or only available on FLIPKART. 
I had to change the display unit completely within 7 months, as it had stopped working altogether suddenly.
Heavy restart problem is noticed while making call.Average performance comparing to other Samsung phones.Not getting a feeling of value for money.If any body planning to buy this product,ask Samsung that they replace/rectify the phone for this restart problem. 
Phone Hangs quite often, Screen Flickers at times (not sure if applicable to all the devices)
my personal opinion on this phone after watching on the box " for indian SIMs"the phone was made for some other country and it may failed there.
WiFi not supporting,(may be my peace)
front camera week.
slow and hang symptoms,Looks great,work week
The build quality is very low. It gets heated up like the other devices. Samsung is making fool of every one by selling low specs mobile at high prices. 
I had received this mobile yesterday. The front camera of the mobile is very bad.overall i am not satisfied with this mobile and i am not recommended any one to purchase this mobile
It has a very very bad quality camera.
No OTG Support
Except camera everything is fine in this phone. I think its a Chinese Mobile Camera is fitted in this phone. 
I have found that set is still hanging. Look wise set is good 
Average Processor/ RAM- The phone hangs a lot. Just keep on Restarting your Device for you don't have any other option left. 1.5GB Ram is amazing, the price of get out of it.
Had a really bad experience with this set. Customers to buy on their own Risk.
Good mobile having worst camera, both 8 and 5 MP camera looks like a VGA camera.
Hangs Many Times
Touch is not smooth
Even Cheap Phones have better Touch than this
Hanging from first day with normal use
Gets too much time to full charge 
I feel very uncomfortable while typing due to its ugly design of keypad.
Who is that master piece designer to design such a worst touch sensor and mini keys....Really pathetic.... In this range ill suggest to buy Samsung Galaxy Grand MAX. 
flipkart is the best service in india.flipkart delivery is very fast .this site delivery perfect item .i bought samsung galaxy on5 in gold colour . 
Easy to carry. Camera. clarity fine. Compare to other mobiles price is little bit high. 
Audio quality is very bad...Phone ringing sound is also hopeless.Samsung should improve on this area. Rest of the specs are ok.
Samsung on5 is overall good phone under ten thousand. camera quality is as usual by Samsung. Its battery capacity 2600mah is low compare to other phones.
 one problem I am facing that was whenever I used to press back button of this phone its get hang for little time. otherwise its ok.
Phone is Ok in battery ...But Touch is inferior to its peers. Recently it is also hanging .Slightly over weight . Moto E is better choice. 
Touch definitely could have been better(More responsive) , battery life is okay, you will always feel dearth of space with 8 GB ROM and 1.5 GB RAM.I used Lenovo A6000 Plus before this, it was definitely better than this phone from Samsung.I bought this to give Samsung a try but wasn't worth it, buy it only if you are a Samsung loyalist. 
Phone is Ok in battery ...But Touch is inferior to its peers. Recently it is also hanging .Slightly over weight . Moto E is better choice. 
I bought this to give Samsung a try but wasn't worth it, buy it only if you are a Samsung loyalist.
Please do not buy this phone as it has a very distorted and unclear image while captured through the camera.
I am using this phone from last one month and found everything working fine.....good phone and would suggest go for it......good looking and best performance. 
TOUCH RESPONSE IS VERY VERY BAD...SOUND IS NOT LOUD...ALSO HAVE NETWORK ISSUE
Display quality is too bad...if u compare on5 with moto g2 u will see the difference...Samsung phone is equal to china phone.
i have recently got a samsung on5 phone on 8/2/2016 but the phone earphone is not working. I have to enable the loudspeaker to ear the voice of anyone calling on this phone.
No Quality cameras front and rare (5&8MP)..Its to bad...
Really bad touch experience. At times it works with smooth touch, but almost every other time its a hard stroke to give on the screen. This will frustrate you if you use your phone very frequently
Some network issue. It shows signal strength even if there is NO SIM inside the phone. Issue in making SMI-1 default for calls and SIM-2 default for Internet-data. It has to be same SIM for both requirements.
phone is stuck during work and not get back until remove its battery .
There is no option to apply Themes. Whole time you have see the same bored sumsung in built theme. as well there are many draw backs. Graphics are also very poor compared to ASUS, and YU as well lenovo k3.
Buy at your own risk .Not a good product from samsung 
Camera front and back are not up to the mark.
Worst mobile don't buy.At this price bracket go for moto g series or lenovo a 6000 plus. ...
Very poor camera like chines phone.Mira White Silk very poor camera not 8mp only 1.3 mp . Please don't west your money
If you are new to smart phone you can go for it.If you had used atlest Redmi 2/Or Samsung Grand i9082, U dont feel comfortable with the Touch Sensitivity Designed in this mobile.
using it from last 2 months .. there are many issues observed .. while in call, phone automatically goes to hold mode ... phone is getting switched off frequently and we have to switch it on ... battery is draining very fast ... phone has become very slow ... over all 3rd class product from samsung ... 
This phone hangs a lot but although have nice features.The main problem is it very slow 
charging time too more heating problem 
Display is worst I have ever come across. And as per the lenovo official forum there is no solution for it. 
display is worst.this is no solution for the display problem.their are some manufacturing problems. for more search in Google about Lenovo G40-45 display problems. 
It has only 1 GB of graphics n poor battery life, getting only 1.5 to 2 hrs backup only and heating very fastly. average build quality. i can't adjst the display brightness, so updated the driver and the prblm solved, after 2 days same problem again starts n also d touchpad is too small... 
 Very poor battery life. It runs only 2 and half hours after full charge.Where as battery life should be more than 4 hours. Screen quality is also not good.Performance is good
It is not a clear HD display.Even the Lenovo service people are saying it has display limitations which cannot be resolved at all.I tried to all options.It is a faulty model so better to buy G50-45 which i suggest. If you dont need a good display you may buy it.
Heating Problem...which ids inevitable with amd.its not 8gb but 6.96gb.Graphic drivers are not provided in the cd , one should upadate them using amd catalyst..
the mouse driver stops working if you install it over a windows 7 os.i had to uninstall it before i could finally use it
the laptop speakers are oddly placed down and gets muffled if kept on the bed
this product has average performance.too much heat. when i installed the NFS game from there it started hanging.i got trapped by flipkart. 
There is NO IN CALL TIMER. You won't know when your call starts by just looking at screen. KEEP it sticking to your ear to see if call is connected.
The handsfree is basic BUT neither the handsfree nor the phone supports ANSWERING via handsfree. I tried my old nokia handsfree and it DOESNT WORK
Nokia changed its age long shortcuts/key actions and that creates confusion for old nokia users.
Bluetooth is namesake - only for sharing objects. BLUETOOTH HANDSFREE are NOT supported at all
Shows hint for editing call volume whenever you dial a number and this bullshit feature can't be turned off anywhere.
Screen goes dark while making call and single clicking RED button doesn't wake it up. You need to CLICK TWICE to use phone while call or to unlock it.
Phonebook shows all three ALWAYS BY DEFAULT. Sim1, 2 and Phone memory are permanently visible. You can't select your choice.
The BT in this phone only supports file transfers (Audio and Video - Other files might be supported, however I didn't try yet) and not audio headsets. 
like a toy. cheap plastic material. But nothing can be expected more at this price tag. Its having a video player also. that amazed me.
Phone quality is very poor. Cabin made with poor quality plastic. Quality check not done properly, Some functions are not at all working.This mobile is not a good option. 
Phone is not at all a good one.....its speaker quality is too bad.....cant hear anything properly in a hazy area...and also while travelling 
beware this phone, it was written bright red but color received is orange and when we try to return they instead tell they will not as picture is orange but i buy from app its appears like red only .flipkart is now the same as before customer guy are rude and stick to their point.
Phone purely basic model, You can't expect any surprises. Screen quality is average, call quality ig good. Can go for rough use 
i had lot of faith in nokias solid hardware and impeccable software performance before buying the phone.
i dint hope this kind of problem to show up in a basic set.those who are about to buy this phone please know new nokias phones are not like old nokias phone . this is microsofts crap phone and there after sales service is also hopless. 
The speaker is not good, even at high volume its difficult to listen to the conversation. Would say the phone is useless. Period. 
Product Is not Good... Product Image looking good but when i will got the Product then its not working as excepted 
INCOMING Call sound quality is very poor, some times sound will not come. 
I brought this basic piece only for calls purpose but its voice speaker sound is too low to hear 
Warranty is not accepted by Nokia (Microsoft) Service center
Have been using this phone for the last four months. Since last two weeks twice I faced a great lot of difficulty in switching on the set.
The voice is NOT clear at all while on calls, its hard to hear & understand what the person on the other side of the line is speaking.Product is very bad.With in a month mobile is having issue with Outgoing voice.I dnt know whom to blame whether nokia or Seller.But its very bad 
Its missing the quality of Nokia.. we are used to. The battery backup is low.. the sound is low.. over all.. very disappointed..
If a mobile is not useful for making calls then what is the use of a mobile?
Nokia was not able to meet cx needs not expectations.I think that is the reason this guy is longer in the business.
The earpiece sound quality is bad..its like rumbling voice ,like the voice coming from an china audio tape deck offered for Rs.100 
Please Don't go for this mobile. I bought jan '15 after five month, i faced so much problem.
Keypad some buttons are not working and one sim card portal permanently not working, another not detecting.
Good Service by Flipkart as usual, But the phone is not so good. Speaker and mic are not working neatly. Sound is cracking while talking. Nokia should improve its build quality. 
seems speaker problem, somehow slippery(means as per the design phone can slip from hands)
incoming call voice is low.Automatic switching off.and seal of nokia tampered and i received with finger print. 
horrible customer service. the charger was found faulty and i am chasing the customre care continuously. till now no positive feedback. 
cheap mobile... butt very low voice quality ... battery also problem.. some time hang automatic switch off 
Its a crap, brought it for my grandma and it start showing problems like starts restarting, not very user friendly for senior citizens rather I would suggest you to go for samsung in same price range. 
it is not accepting sim card properly. it has some technical problems I guess. so better try any other hand set. I am disappointed Microsoft.:( 
Not user friendly navigation (Other nokia models are very user freindly) 
Weird unlock procedure - when compared to old Nokias or Samsung. 
Cannot add multiple phone numbers to a contact. (Come one Nokia!..my 3 year old cheap Nokia had it).
Phone shows contacts from both sims as well as phone memory. There is no way to choose which memory to be used. Really irritating when you have same contacts on both sims.
not good looks cheap phone. it has bluetooth and mp3 playback option with a very cheap screen resolution
Its waste spending on it.Even battery is not that backup.Only pros is the mobile weight is less 
The plastic body is ill-fitting, making squeaky noises when handling. The body colour is bad (I had gone in for black), not at all reflecting the photos shown in the site. Voice clarity for the other party is bad. Display is not great.
Phone is slippery, looks good but built quality is average, charger wire is very small.
You cant save any wall papers or view photos, only three wall papers are available all of them are of bad quality.
The phone is good for normal or back up use but like most low budget phone the audio quality is very poor. 
Many features are not their.compare to nokia100,101 this phone is waste why b.coz hre chat option is not their and charging was not much great.
I've received this on yesterday and is in good condition. I think n130 is the first basic phone made by Nokia with usb charging slot. 
I had read the reviews about and did not heed the phone due to my love for Nokia phones ( I have used several models). For me, it stood for quality and durability. But, not any more.
This phone is not working now. Not sure why thought. Now i ll have run for service centre which will be pain.
this phone has issue of of low sounding system in rush or normal talk you cant able o hear a word on this phone because ear phone is quite not up to mark speaker is at back side of the phone 
Nokia is always good choice for low budget phone and i have chosen this but the delivery (red express) is the worst service provider for this seller
They have a tacking system which shows the consignment is undelivered due to personal not available in fact they don't try to attempt but they update their system.
one advantage is weightless,easy messaging. but calls when received have no good voice clarity, low audible while hearing, but very compact ,easy portable, 
This model has volume problem for incoming calls; the incoming voice volume is really low. You will have to press it hard to ear to listen clearly; it is frustrating.
it is completely out of order within a month time of purchase.pls do not buy low priced mobile phone. this is not a product from Nokia 
its not good .,sound quality is very poor.i bought it for my father as it may be easy for him to use,but he unable to hear anything.................:(
I am received duplicate mobile, 1 month follow up with flipkart, but nobody not responed.
Handset stopped working within a year. Very bad audible speakers. not at all worth for money. I will say never buy this product 
charging problem, vibrating problem, speaker problem,
It's been a few months since I purchased it. It worked great for sometime but is now snagging.
I am not able to make calls but I can receive calls.
Voice not clear and button not woking
Poor speaker quality. Need to turn on loud speaker to take calls if you are in noisy environment. Overall it is a decent quality phone.
I dont need to say more... it stopped working and there is not way I can return this now... No one expects too much from a basic feature phone but atleast it should work! 
I am using this product ...the speaker voice is very low i have to switch on the loudspeaker mode to attend call..ovarall is good except the speaker quality 
Everything was fine but I got this phone without earphone. It's okay for me but unfair 
product is not gud . nt flipkart nt refunding also . customer service nt responding properly thy r nt ready to give gud product also nt refunding also 










