suitable T for seasons like spring n autumn ...very comfortable
Superb....Same as appearing in image fabric is also nice.colors are great
Really a great product i like it verymuch.Price is good but just remamber about size before purchase it
Received on time. Looks attractive. Don't know the situation after wash
T-shirts are nice and good looking....
I liked the fabric and fit of the t-shirt. Quite comfortable and reasonably priced.
The fitting is fine and cloth quality is ok, dont expect very much in this price
Very good buy for this price.I am preferring this over some of the branded items for parties. Initially bought black and grey Tees an planning to get some other colors too.
These solid henleys are sober and low profile which is a good break from some of the more flashy t shirts available. The stitching seems to be good, colour is good and material is a blend. As with any henley, need to have a fairly fit upper body to pull it off.
Bought this product 6 months ago. Wearing these for regular use and these are just great. The quality is nice and pricing is the best. Very much impressed!
the product what i got is good.On time delivery. colors are same as shown in picture.Guys you can go for it.
Very nice product. Cloth quality is very good where it didn't shrink after washing or no fade away. Higly comfortable.
cool stuff and good one for summer and to wear in tropics and its looking so damn fit and awesome too
Cool product ,i have uses this ,the material quality is very good
i hv used this product nd its ok .....bcz after washing its not shining well as a new t-shirt
Quality - 5/5,Fitting - 5/5,Delivery time - 5/5,best product i ever purchased from flipkart
Im so glad I had read the review before making the purchase... The black shade is surely cool, the grey one seems a bit less on quality. Yet overall a good bargain.
Wearing this really feels cool. Casual look of these T-shirts really makes people spot you. Happy with this product. Definitely you will get complements for wearing these T-shirts. Thanks.
Overall good material. but check your size every sets size is different!!! delivery is fast no doubt. this is my fifth order and it will continue if quality & prize maintained by flipkart
I ordered this from flipkart..got it in 2 days...service is really good...Flipkart rocks,Just go fot it, i loved the product quality
Tshirt colors and design seems very nice.It is very new design in the market so it would create good impression.
Good at quality, fit and comfort. Overall a good product. I have not washed it yet. So lets hope this maintains its quality after 4-5 washes
nice fitting,it is a good product i am very haapy to buy it,very fast deleviery service thanks to flipkart
The T shirts are worth the money, feels good, comfortable and can be worn on any casual occasion.Only problem was the turn around time for delivery was not in keeping with the standards of flipkart, products delivered after 6 days.
Top Notch Solid Men's Henley T-Shirt is very reliable and feel relax after wear this.Its price is also affordable and quality of clothes is too good.
its a very gud prodct frm flipkrt....fabric is too nice,,,,,,its a worth of money
I'm not going to complain about the quality. It is fairly satisfactory for the price paid. I love the black one so much! It looks darn good with a pair of jeans or chinos. Complete the look with a pair of Converse chucks low tops or a pair of boat shoes and you are good to go!
Great product...decent quality and comfortable, ordered this for my friend as well after using it on my own.
I am using this product from last 3 months and really it's a good buy. Good quality and fast shipping by Flipkart.
Quality with comfort! Feel cool in summers.. Nice body fit and light in weight.Must buy for all..! Go for it. :)
Slim fit, reasonable price and good quality, totally worth for money in this range...in 24hrs delivery :)
Worth it the money............... The delivery was also good - on time. Happy with the product
Had brought them over six months ago n after wearing it for over 100 times still it fits well and has been improvising my personality and looks !! just go for it .
when i bought , i thought of using at home like night dress , but it turned out to be much better product . U can try these on outing or even on parties .. :) 
Nice fitting and comfortable :)
This product is very good and fits perfectly...just need to select the right size ..USE THE SIZE chart correctly before selecting size
Loved it and gives a stylish look if mens are in flat Stomach..Black look Great ...worth the Price and Offer too is better.
Although I didn't like the grey variant, but black one is awesome.fitting is perfect and for summers its a cool product.
These shirts fit nice and for the price they are quite a good deal. Total value for money package. Will have to check how the quality is after a few washes after a couple of washes they are fine.
Excellent product i washed twice but no shrinkage. Planing buy more product from this particular buyer.
The product is very nice, cloth is soft and colour quality is same as displayed.
perfect fit, good delivery timing, wrapped nicely, cloth quality is good. Fit my husband like it was tailored for him.
Price wise, its bit costly. I went for Trecking and sweat a lot on the day. After washing it was bit dull in color.
Nice quality, color and look, fitting, smart look guys. Nominal rate and good looks , Flipkart is really nice in these outfits.
Its a real Army luk tshirt ...elastic at d end of sleeves makes it perfect fit to ur biceps..Must buy Tshirt..order one size bigger.
Quality of the product is not bad, about 50% is cotton. But the fittings is too good, and the product is same as described....
Nice quality, color and look, fitting, smart look guys. Nominal rate and good looks , Flipkart is really nice in these outfits.
this product is worth getting for 350 bugs guys and the quality stuff is also nice and the delivery from flipkart is awesome
Worth the price i paid(Rs380). But bigger size options should be made available. An XXL would have been more comfortable
First of all ,"value for money", good stuff & smart looks. i got it on sale so its even more worth. Comfortable and trendy. Worth spending your money.
Brought this and few more from the same brand a month before and been using it quite often. Superb fit and stays new since i ve been following the wash care instructions clearly instructed by them. Great feel and amazing fit. Quick seller
Good choice at reasonable price.The colour is not dark black.So if you opt for a purely dark black colour, do not go for this.
Very nice t shirt.............. Quality of the product is very good......flipkart delivery is fantastic.....Exchange the t shirt is very fast and awsam......Good going flipkart ... 
Nice T shirt. Fabric is little rough but still a good buy. Recommended especially if you have big biceps that is if you want to show them.
The product is average ,because of its quality.Its not a cotton material.For this price its OK.color is good.
I purchased Black color TSX Polo Neck T-Shirt. It was delivered on Time. Quality was good. Fitting was perfect and was as per size chart
Had ordered this product, to my surprise received it, next day. thank ou flipkart for super service.
The product is good , its been a month. it still seems to be like a new t-shirt even after few washes. had also received freebie with it. I think this is the best deal, if you are looking for plain batman tee...
I was very skeptical buying this but the product is as good as from a store. The cloth is soft and cotton and the bat symbol is perfect in shape and colour. This was a gift and it was a good one. :D
I ordered it, and got the product in 2days . T-shirt is super cool, and was surprised to see it had a batman key chain with it. great tee at this price. liked it flipkart ...thumbs up
got it today the print is great the quality is amazing plus got a freebie batman keycahin fully delighted
I am very happie buying this. the product is as good as from a store. The cloth is soft and cotton and the batman symbol is perfect. We got a freebie with it ( batman keychain).
my hubby liked it . but I bought it yesterday for 490 ... Now the price is 349 ... Very bad to see the decreased price...
i love to wear white clothes its comfort.. good look and very attractive
Good stuff washed it so many times however it doesn't shrink .....5/5
I am big fan of branded products..But i ordered this new brand just for trial basis as there was a huge discount going on that.Delivery was fast but most amazing thing was the fit and quality of the product at that price.Kudos to the Seller.
I gifted the T shirt to my husband on his birthday in Jan. he loved it and the material is soft and comfortable. it is still his favorite T shirts. color is good even after so many washes
The t-shirts quality is good. Good casual wear. However, the length of the t-shirt is little too long
Good quality But over price,100% genuine and original as displayed in picture.
The product was very good and of good quality.The colour too was nice.Yes i am happy with this product
dresses r good, soft, one full sleep another one is half.... soft....i have got it in a very goodpack
it is soft and cheap pricing got it in a offer got 4 of them. no problems after wash no colour fading. fabric is soft. in all decent purchase. wont hype its ok. wearable dont expect more out of it.
i placed order and i am happy with color n quality , but un happy with size actually M size is S size , so as usualy i wearing M size but i replacd with L size but Navy blue is as expected but grey is not same as navy blue.
This book is best suited for reading for the teenagers, to dream and to dare. 
This is the most inspiring book I have ever read. Great salute to the man for his contribution to Indian Rocketry.
It is an inspirational and Enthusiasmistic book for all generation and especially for youth and old person as well.
After reading this book i realized the value of APJ abdul Kalam's dedication.
Don't think about money to purchase this book to read a autobiography a spokesman,a president,a DRDO chief scientist,a ISRO chief scientist, a Bramohse supersonic missile innovator...
there is something everybody can extract from this book. ... This is something worth of being read by every Indian
I have just received this book & yet not started reading this book but I have read gujarati version of this book "Aganpankh" and I am sure that english version will be much more exciting & inspiring. This is a worth worth reading book. Buy this book without any hesitation.
I have collected all APJ & SWAMI Vivekanda 'S books . All books are awesome and inspiring .. Great man Great THOUGHT.
That's the kind of book which I wanted to read. It gives me a lot of inspiration. I think this book also increases the confidence of teenagers to face their future.
This book must be read with utmost peace and not in a jiffy. You can gain much from it if you are a good reader, otherwise you may think that it is any other book on rocket science. In starting it may seem a book on defence developments and history of the country but the life of Mr former President is worth a read. His life is a great source of inspiration and motivation for all of us, that comprises of not only Indians.
this boook gives a true insight on the achievements of this man who grew up from such a small town (Rameshwaram)and went on to shape the Missile Defence System of One of the largest countries in the world...it also reflects one mans persistence to excel and will to achieve and forming path breaking technology all kitchen cooked in this country....book is a must read for all Indians...!
This book can change one's life forever. A truly inspirational book and can be universally applied for any individual. Kalam Sir's choice of inspiring his readers through inspirational quotations and spirit of fighting rather than telling much about his struggle which is obvious,tells about the great personality. What Kalam Sir has aimed for is certainly achieved when a person reads his book and aims to give "wings to the fire of the heart".
Dr. Kalam is the greatest scientist I have known, his personality and passion is outstanding.You need to read this book.
shows the vision of Shri APJAK towards the nation development. He truly an inspiration to all young bloods.
autobiography of legend scientist........ so its no comment about. our ever best president for india.
Very nice book. The lover of books please go for it. Quality is good.
Wings of Fire: An Autobiography (English) 1st Edition very nice quality book.nice paper quality.BUY Every one it's useful book
Inspiring biography. Also it is nicely presented in this book. Everyone should read it once in lifetime
A person who spend his whole life for his country a big selute for his efforts. He work 16-18 hours for his country in a day.
this book is all about rockets and stuff yes it is a great book but its full of info but not evrything in it is inspiration... as for me it is wonderful u often read books??? go for it. If not go for it. dont b confused
A book which every human being on this planet should read.
Excellent book ....it is very useful to all...thank u flipkart
A must read book it very nice ! It tells I a lot about him . I just love this book
A must read book about our missile man. Found a good experience with it
Inspiring and motivating, its not just a book, its a guide to humanity, would suggest this to everyone... Why dint I read it before... Thank you... RIP Kalam... you deserved much more...
It is an inspirational and Enthusiasmistic book for all generation and especially for youth and old person as well.
Fast Shipping and Good Service with timely informed about the delivery time & date thanks .
This book is a treasure to keep at home. Self Motivation is the most best inspiration for every one, along with the desirable aspiration. One must read the book, to change the frame of his/her mind. This book ignites the spark in every individual towards the success.
well written autobiography...truely a legend.the story of a missile man is truely described.To make a journey with the legend ,should have this book
great book every Indian must read.nice autobiography.inspiring and motivational autobiography for all indians
This book must be read by every Indian. It is not enough you read this book, you will have to follow the principles of success enumerated by our Ex Honourable President to achieve success. This book shows that success can be achieved by every hardworking citizen of India.
This book is definitely a must read, especially for aspiring rocket or aerospace engineers and any science afficionado in general who wish to get some insight into the struggles, achievements and inventiveness of arguably the most successful scientist we have in India. 
this book is something which is priceless...every single line of this book will tell you after so many ups and downs we indian dint gave up. This book is about so many unsung heros because of whom we are having the luxuries of becoming thinktanks. Do read it...it is a great book in short i may call it as "ocean of opportunities".
I suggest that everyone should read this autobiography on APJ Abdul Kalam.Its inspiring,simple and awesome .Arun Tiwari has done a commendable job .
every person must read this book.it inspires me a lot.it is a inspiring story of our missile man of India,who struggle very hard in life to succeed his aim in life.
An inspirational and motivating book. I would definitely recommend it to everyone. It tells the story of a n ordinary boy from Rameshwaram and how he overcame all obstacles and challenges to develop India's first rocket missile . The book also emphasizes the motivational role of Dr Vikram Sarabhai ( father of Indian Space Programme ) on kalams life .
the way it is written is simply attractive and i loved it. it gave us a clear path to lead our life, as we learn from others, it is the best book i have read.
This book gives a insight into one of the most successful & beloved scientist & later president of our country .It's inspiring for all those who take reading seriously .
This is a very good biography making a very interesting reading. I would recommend this to teen age above youngsters who will benefit from what feels like a story to read.
a great writing. loved reading this. i would say these type of writing should be included in school curriculum to motivate students as well!!!
No doubt you will be definitely inspired after reading this book. You will dream big and will never get tired of trying new things... Also u can explore many facts about Indian Space Program.
what can i say about it very nice book to be read by every one....very very expressive...provoking narration by the author...!
The best inspired & motivational book which i ever read & well written about dedication towards work.
The book is upto the standards which flipkart has always maintained. The book was in excellent condition without any damage with good quality
Good book.Which will shape your career. And provide the wings those who have desire to reach at the top...
Every one should read this book. It will help get answers to many questions life gives us. Yes it has a lot of technical stuff. But that is how Dr. Kalam's life was.
It is a very beautiful book.I recommend that everyone must read this book about the life of this great man of India.Just read this book and get inspired....
Needless to write review. One of the excellent book I have come across . What a true patriotic person he is. Need to salute him. Jai hind 
The novel is definitely an inspiring one as it is a note of such an exemplary person as APJ Abdul Kalam. It tells us everything from the Indian religious differences to the ideal roles and qualities of a leader. It is a true book on India's rocket and space research development. Thank u sir, for doing so much for our country.
This book is very motivational one...I would suggest everyone to read this book once....As I go through the book...I got to know many truths of life..really life has many things for us..it just depend on how we look our life as...
This book do not need any review. Every Indians must read this. Such an inspiring autobiography for all ages. And flipkart provide this at the cheapest prize..No need to think more....order it.....
This is a very well written book and a great enjoyable reading.The 1st hand story of Indian space and missile technology taking shape, combined with the words of a great visionary like Kalam sir is really a transforming factor.
A must read for students.Very vivid account of various personal experiences of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's life.
EVERYONE SHOULD READ THIS AUTOBIOGRAPHY TO KNOW HOW WE CAN ACHIEVE OUR AIM WHEN THINGS ARE NOT ACCORDING TO OUR DESIRES.
thanks for flipkart for have books of our great personality, by reading the autobiography of our Dr. APJ it is a inspire us that he belong to our nation and he is part of us, no words to say,
It is very inspirational. It showed what my life is about. It changes everyone's way of thinking.The best quote that i found in this book is '' If you want your footprints in the sands of time, donot drag your feet. "
A Must read for all Indians.A true inspirational story of a boy who dared to dream beyond the limitations imposed by his circumstances.
Excellent Book... Must read for everyone... the book truly gives vision to go beyond your horizon and to travel from known to unknown... The book gives immense encouragement and motivation for doing something better in life...
A Fabulous book from the missile man and later the president of India . In the book we travel through the glorious man who breaths , works for a developed INDIA . A BIG SALUTE TO THE TRUE HERO , A.P.J ABDUL KALAM .
totally inspirational and close to my heart as i am reading it 3rd time and still feel like reading it 1st time.everone should read it atleast 1nc esp. science student.
The packing was good and the delivery was done before the due date. Satisfied totally with the flipkart delivery and price. you dont need no introduction about this book. Have not read yet? buy it!!!
The book describes a lot about how to face the challenges you encounter in life, how you can organise a big project with a team work...Some people may seem that it is a book of Aerospace Engineering...It is not so..He explains what he wants to say in his achieving the successful trials of indigenous Missiles. Every individual must read to learn about how you achieve your Destiny
I have read this book 8 years back. But bought it again to gift someone as this is a gem of book to read anytime in your life. The simplicity of the man and his vision for the future of the nation is commendable. Sadly, we do not have many such people around today.
Go ahead and buy this book and get inspired. You won't regret reading this book really. I promise that really. You won't regret this buy thats for sure!
I rcvd the item in time ...I good packing ,I need to read this book ,I am happy and thaks to flipkart
THE BOOK IS VERY SPECIAL GOOD.
Very inspiring book. Our former President of India Sri Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's life is ideal for all the people who wants to be successful in their respective fields.
One of the best Autobiography I've read.I suggest the people to buy this nice autobiography who likes to read one.
Simple and easy write up. Good insight to India Space and Missile programs program post independence. And biggest of all, the journey from a village boy to managing the country's top technology program from ground up. 
It is too generous to read. Every page in this book has a new story. Can't explain any more :) one can read it at any age.
Excellent Autobiography.A story of a common man. How he grows up and what values we can acquire from him.
This book is best reding for reading for the teenagers, to dream and to dare.It shows, how a person from the modest background ends up in being the First Citizen of a nation of one billion.
A story of a common man. How he grows up and what values we can acquire from him.A book to be read before you die.
It is an inspirational book in which Dr. Abdul Kalam examines his early life, effort, hardship, fortitude, luck and chance that eventually led him to lead Indian space research, nuclear and missile programs. Every Indian should read this.
Most Inspiring Book.This is the most inspiring book I have ever read. Great salute to the man for his contribution to Indian Rocketry.
this is the autobiography of DR. APJ ABDUL KALAM ... undoubtedly an inspiring and aspiring story which will set your goosebumps off the roots and you will dream to just have a glance of this great litrature
This is a must read for every Indian who would love to know the level of advancement in India. The life of Kamal is the story of every typical Indian who is born as Indian and struggles their way up to the position he gained.
It is a must read book for everyone especially for those who are at managerial position or handling any project . It also show path to youngsters how to success & how to overcome with the hurdles of life.
An extraordinary work from a legend. It will inspire you more than anything. While reading looks like you are present there. It tells about how a man struggles and achieve his dreams.
It's a must read for all those who admire and respect Dr.A.P.J Abdul Kalam.A thorough insight into his life
this book so nice guys,it's a must buy product for all age groups.pros-every thing is nice.cons-there's nothing.
Just a word,AWESOME!! And for the delievery,these guys rock.!! And specially,I loved the bookmarks they are giving. :) Every reader has to have this.. Inspiring from the beginnig to the end..!!
The book is motivational , inspirational. And the best point is that it make everyone passionate about their careers.
If you think India's defence is poor... you gotta read this book. I was completely amazed by how simple Sir Kalam as person is. I should say the BEST President India ever had.
This book is written in a very friendly language. The language quality and the choice of words are good. It gives an overview of Abdul Kalam's life as a schoolboy, then as a college lad and then as a person hwo is selected by Homi Bhaba for working in a space organisation after being impressed by his invention and innovation. Then he becomes an integral part of his team and then suddenly Homi Bhaba passes away. Then the thrilling story continues which I have not yet read.............
There is something everybody can extract from this book. ... This is something worth of being read by every Indian..
This is the best book of APJ Abdul Kalam. Superb view of APJ's life. It is a fully inspiring book or an autobiography of The Great APJ ABDUL KALAM. Must read it .. !!!!
Really Awesome book . The delivery was too quick . Thanks to flip kart for such a platform. No need to say any thing more . it is all what APJ IS the Great personality
this book is very good specially for youngster of India as it motivates to achieve the readers their goals in life...it gives the reader an overview of Mr kalam's life in some challenging situation and his vision of India 2020.
Really a great work by a great human. We can learn a lot from his life. Inspiration flows from each page of the book.A must read book!!
I read this book sometime back and was very impressed with Dr. Kalam. Its lucid and easy to read and understand. A person from a very simple background rose to such great heights. I respect and salute you Sir! _/\_
The book is just a reflection of Kalam the person - Simple, humble and straight forward. There are lot of power messages that i had marked for myself. It's a must read
one of the greatest books i have ever read! in every line you'll find the emotion, the trust, the depth of feeling for the motherland! great philosophies explained so simply, that you never find it is difficult to have faith in his words!
Actually it is paperback but of very very good page quality and printing quality..and flipkart delivered it within 2 days.
must read a good book for personal devlopement.superb book good for motivation
a scientist a poet ..our president.. more than all that an Indian.. going through his book i realized how lucky we r to have him..must read for all.. inspiring..
This book reflects upon some very good and useful points that one must abide by in life to become successful. This book is a treat for those who work hard and want to climb the flights of success. 
A must read book for Science & Technology lovers… with each and every page of the book there is an unbelievable curiosity and gratitude of Sir Abdul Kalam towards life ,science and almighty made long lasting impression on our mind to be noble, humble and curious about life
Each and every Indian should read this book.This is one of the best biography's I have ever read.It will inspire you, motivate you and will teach you great lessons of life !!!
As I heard about this book, It is just unputdownable. Undoubtedly, it is one of the best books I have ever read. If you have not read this book yet, order one now.
very motivating and inspiring book. he is a true indian and this book tells about the hard work to make a dream true.
This book, written by the former president of India, tells the story of a South Indian boy born in a poor family. It potray's the life of the boy who due to his endeavour becomes the missile man of India and eventually becomes the president. It teaches very important values of life. It emphasizes on the saying"DARE TO DREAM" on the teenagers. It is a book which should present in every bookshelf.
What to say about this book. just brilliantly written. This is a mirror, we can see our self and make changes to our life's.
This book is awesome. I became a true fan of Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam. He is the real national hero. Salute. Must read if you as much as care for the country. 
A beautiful book which brings out the life of APJ Abdul Kalam to the common masses of India. The account, a vivid and authentic description of Kalam's life makes you feel that even sky is not the limit when you have got wings and the fire within to dream and fly high.
Great book by "The Man" himself..., nothing to say more about it...actually what ever i say , words cannot justify that
This is one of the best books which I have read. It is a very inspiring autobiography of A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. I learnt a lot of things while going through this book. Overall it is a must read for everyone
A very inspiring book for every Indian who faces a problem and the same for those who want to know history of Space Exploration of India...
This is the best book that I have read so far in terms of personal motivation. It is simple and well written for everyone to understand their inborn potentials.
it is very gerat book .it will provide the best knowledge to u.it will help you to become successfull person in the life.Nothing is worse than inaccurate information. 
Nothing could be more inspiring for me than reading this book.. as quoted by one of the reader goes same with me too, hats off to you Kalam sir.. u are an inspirational idol for every youth of this country. A MUST READ !!!
This book is a must read book for all Indians. It shows some excellent management skills and we find ourselves a bit close to the Technological developments inside India. This book very efficiently portrays the changes in the mind of a youth when he comes out of his world.
everyone must read this book for understanding the potential of ordinary citizens of our great country explained by this great man in the most simple manner. for all those who feel india has no hope, this book is the one to read to dispel all those doubts and look at things around you in a totally different light. dr kalam, we are privileged to live during your lifetime. thanks for reminding.
This book is a source of inspiration for every Indian! Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam is an example how obstacles are the stepping stones for success. This book will fire you up and your chest will swell with pride when you read about the huge leaps that we have taken!!
Every one should read.you never said it is a Huge disappointment.The complete story about APJ is really awesome.His life is a great source of inspiration and motivation for all of us, that comprises of not only Indians.
this book is good.this give the motivation it helps to overcome the Hadels. its give a really good knowledge...thanks to for writing a wonderful book which can bring changes all our life. thanks you i wish you long life.
its a really inspiring book,,,one can learn a lot from apj abdul kalam's autobiography, his dedication towards his work, what the youth need to think in order to achieve great goals..if you are thinking of buying this book,, dont think buy it for sure
This book have given the experiences, achievements, hurdles in the way of Honorable APJ Abdul Kalam. All the events happened with him are beautifully explained from his childhood and I believe we all should read the book.
Read the Introduction and it will show the knowledge pool that is in store for us. A must read book for an Indian. I hope this book get included in the syllabus of each boards. Moreover it also gives a peak into the life of Dr . Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam.
The content of the book is eye opener.It contain lot of teaching and determine that where there is a will there is a way. It also concludes that there is no dearth of opportunities if one has inclination. Flipkart has given very good service , the book was delivered in very short time.
its a awesome book... must read it to know his life. dont think about money
I have read this book and found reading this book is worth.Nice to know the facts of struggles taken by the President. Personal Life and Professional life is well explained.This book is completely on personal life
A fantastic and motivational read. It tells about the struggle of a boy who worked as a newspaper seller and earned a living for him as well as for his family.
A book that you must read to understand that what made Kalam and what can make anyone a great Indian. I would have given 5 stars but the book has certain printing/typing errors.
The book is good but some concepts are difficult to understand. Besides this there is a lot to learn from his life.
Very motivational book for all teenagers, to dream and dare to achieve it.
Wonderful book which truly inspires to a great extent. 
Really a nice one ..... i will recommend this to all those who are appearing for any competitive exam :)
Its a good book in the sense that its a question bank...You can't use it to learn if you are still basic in math.
I bought two copies of this book for my friends.. they are happy with it... They desperately wanted the this book at low rates. Thanks to Flipkart for making It available for cheaper rates...
Because of this quantitative aptitude book i cleared CWE clerical cadre in IBPS(2011) so thanking you sir!!!!!!!Lot's of examples have been given. Even i didn't take coaching but i cleared my examination !!! really thankful to you sir!!!
Received the book in just 1 day of ordering..Excellent packaging and book is also really good,,
Its a very good book for those who are preparing for competetive exams and the quality of the book is also good. The flipkart has a very good delivery service. i got this book in only 2 days.
Really a nice book by RS AGARWAL,both d book n service are great....a must have for PSU aspirants or d placement needs of engineers(as i bought it for this very purpose)...
This book is very useful for those who are taking competitive exams. But i personally refer use Arun Sharma's book for higher level.
it is a very good book for CAT MAT XAT and other aptitude exams....
This book certainly helps! There are some people saying this isn't that helpful and stuff. But know one thing, if you have an upcoming interview or something, this is what you should have in hand to prepare for the BASICS.
Must have for all students. A very good book with lots of practice and basic concepts are covered with detail.
covers most topics for all entrance exams...excellent,fast and safe delivery from flipkart..high quality colour print..fine size characters..lot of examples...most suitable text for entrance exam
This is really excellent book for the competitors... and Dr. R.S. Agarwal Name itself is enough.. you have a variety of questions and explanations...Its really a good book.. and I suggest it to all the competitors..
Very good book on aptitude!!And also thnx to flipkart for extremely good delivery!!!just took one day only!!according to me this is the best book available in market for aptitudu purpose!!!and what else to say just close ur eyes and place the order if u want a good book on aptitude which is fully solved!!!
Its good to start preparation and build your basics as it has almost all the quantitative aptitude things so that you can prepare yourself for higher exams like CAT etc. It has what we easy to crackdown type material which after some practice makes every problem look easy
Really a nice book who really wants to do something better.Excellent packaging like just you buy it from the Publisher...
its a great book for all exams and tests especially for campus recruitments.The solutions for all the problems are given in very simple and understandable manner.
By this we can solve questions easily,and make time management.From my view this is very good prodoct.It was good experienced personally,it has lot of information like they provide formulas.definations of particular subject.
This is an excellent book for all the students appearing for competetive exams.I used this book for many exams.Many questions from this book had repeated in the many exams (questions of same format).some are direct questions.
it is a good book for competative exam for sucess for SSC,RRB,Bank PO's.......
THIS BOOK IS A GOOD BOOK WITH A LOT OF QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.THE BOOK IS GOOD FOR ALL EXAMS
Its a wonderful book on quantitative aptitude, it covers almost all the topics which is generally needed at competitive levels such as ssc, Banking clerks, insurance exams etc. Overall a very wonderful book although having few mistakes (which are avoidable). great book.
just go for it if you want to start crack the exams!!! best of luck and start preparation from now!!!
Any day best book for beginners! Has good amout of questions to get hang of topics!
the book is pretty good and it is ideal for all competitive exams as the label in front of the book say...i got the book within 2 days of ordering the book so a thumbs up to flipkart .
I bought this book a couple of months before my placements and I used to practise it on a regular basis. This is a must read book for all students who want to get placed in all reputed companies. It covers all chapters and this one book is sufficient to crack the jobs.
the packing was ultimate. ws retail combined with flipkart is a deadly combination. very good condition of the book. it was laminated. the book...yes. oh my god. and yes it does help you out with the preparations of sail
Useful book for competitive examinations at right cost. I buy this book for my cousin and gift to her. She is very happy.
the book is very nice and easy to prepare for all exams and, i like the flipkart's quick and fast delivery superb
it's good book very one read ths book to who aim to become banker all example r good easy to understand to any one
Its one of the best book with good explanation basics of math. I bought it for banking preparation, and I can say its a must have.
it is not only for the students but also for all the members who want to write the competitive exams VERY EXCELLENT BOOK
I am in love with this book. Keeps me interested in solving more and more problems. Author has put in a lot of effort and research writing this book. It will clear all your fundas. Thanks to Flipkart for making the book available at reasonable cost.
Really, Best book for the prepration of the aptitute.it covers all aptitute quentions realated any public sector exam.
it is very crucial book for the all entrance exam . its a very fabulous book for the s.s.c. exam .so i suggest all student who are doing work for exam
Its a very good book for those who are preparing for competetive exams and the quality of the book is also good
its a very good n helpful book..filpkart packing was also great .on time delivery....best for all exams types like upsc,ssc
This book is very Good for the beginners.
very useful book for competative examination point of view but if you have 6th edition than no need to buy it again because nothing was new in this book
Nice book, For students required to write competitive exams this book is handy and prospective with all solved examples and questions.
this book is good for getting to know the basics at ground level for the placement process.keep in mind that this book only contains Math(hence, Quantitative/Quants). You have to prepare for Logic and English from other sources.
A great book for alll aspirants. a really great book, it has solved examples which are really helpfull. the description of the problem solving tactics are great. thanks to Mr. R.S.Aggarwal. and thanks to flipkart.
This is the best book for concept building and making your base stronger. If you can give your time to this book then rest assured that your base in Quantum section would be really strong.
Book is nice for exams..makes ur concept clear n makes u understand things. Really a good one n worth
This book is highly recommended for students appearing competitive exams especially SSC,RRB etc. Solutions are Simple
It a good combination of all types of problems....After studying from it aptitudes can be cracked easily...As most of the aptitude problems are from this book
I recommend all to purchase this book because of its simplicity and its really helpful....
This book covers each and every topic of entrance exam,you can clear any exam after you go to this book thoroughly. Must buy for entrance exams preparation
The best book for all seeking to give any kind of aptitude test. Quite cheap and most useful for On Campus recruitment preparations for Engineering students.
You can definitely go for this book even though you do not have any idea about aptitude as the book itself is a good teacher.
it is a good containing most of the type of aptitude questions helpful for all competitive exams given topic wise and with solved examples easy to understand
Good book for competitive exams.
Good Quality,Fast Delivered,Well Packed,Good as Always,Best Book For The Study Of Quanta and Aptitude Test,Must Buy!!!!!
This book is very good. This aptitude book will enhance your skills to qualify in various exams. My teachers . parents appreciate about this book. RS Aggrawal is a good Author.